----------------------- Page 1-----------------------

                                                                                         www.sharewithu.com  

                                                          Exercise 29    

Analyzing the physics of dance can add fundamentally    
to a dancer's skill. Although dancers seldom see themselves    
totally in physical terms -- as body mass moving through    
space under the influence of well-known forces and    
obeying physical laws --  neither can they afford to ignore    
the physics of movement. Some movements involving    
primarily vertical or horizontal motions of the body as a    
whole, in which rotations can be ignored, can be studied    
using simple equations of linear motion in three dimensions.    
However, rotational motions require more complex    
approaches that involve analyses of the way the body's    
mass is distributed, the axes of rotation involved in    
different types of movement, and the sources of the forces    
that produce the rotational movement.      (120 words)    
  
===========================================    
  
1.The primary purpose of the passage is to    
(A) initiate a debate over two approaches to    
analyzing a field of study    
(B) describe how one field of knowledge can be      
applied to another field    
(C) point out the contradictions between two distinct    
theories    
(D) Define and elaborate on an accepted scientific      
principle    
(E) discuss the application of a new theory within    
a new setting      
  
For the following question, consider each of the    
choices separately and select all that apply    
2.The author mentions all of the following as contributing    
to an understanding of the physics of dance    
A analyses of the way in which the body's mass    
is distributed    
B equations of linear motion in three dimensions    
C analyses of the sources that produce  rotational    
motions    
  
3. Hastings‘ contracture is a disorder of the connective    
tissue in one or both hands, most commonly causing    
loss of mobility. A survey of thousands of    
medical-insurance claims found that over 30 percent    
of people who had one hand operated on for Hastings'    

                                                       本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                    1  

----------------------- Page 2-----------------------

                                                                                         www.sharewithu.com  

contracture underwent surgery a second time for this    
disorder within three years. Clearly, therefore, a    
single surgical treatment of Hastings' contracture is    
often ineffective at providing long-term correction of    
the disorder.    
  
Which of the following, if true, most seriously weakens    
the argument?    
(A) The medical-insurance claims did not specie    
whether the surgery was on the patient's right or    
left hand.    
(B) The surgical techniques used to treat Hastings'    
contracture are identical to those used    
successfully to treat certain work-related injuries    
to the hand.    
(C) A separate survey found that 90 percent of    
patients operated on for Hastings' contracture    
report increased hand mobility within one month    
after the surgery.    
(D) All of the patients in the survey were required by    
their insurance companies to seek a second    
opinion from a qualified surgeon before    
undergoing the operation.    
(E) Many people who have Hastings' contracture    
choose to tolerate its effects rather than undergo    
the risks of surgery.  
  
  
The Fourteenth Amendment to the United States    
Constitution, ratified in 1868, prohibits state governments    
from denying citizens the "equal protection of the laws."    
Although precisely what the framers of the amendment    
meant by this equal protection clause remains unclear, all    
interpreters agree that the framers' immediate objective was    
to provide a constitutional warrant for the Civil Rights Act    
of 1866, which guaranteed the citizenship of all persons    
born in the United States and subject to United States    
jurisdiction. This declaration, which was echoed in the text    
of the Fourteenth Amendment, was designed primarily to    
counter the Supreme Court's ruling in Dred Scott v. Sandford    
that Black people in the United States could be denied    
citizenship. The act was vetoed by President Andrew Johnson,    
who argued that the Thirteenth Amendment, which abolished    
slavery, did not provide Congress with the authority to extend    
citizenship and equal protection to the freed slaves.    

                                                      本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                   2  

----------------------- Page 3-----------------------

                                                                                              www.sharewithu.com  

Although Congress promptly overrode Johnson's veto,    
supporters of the act sought to ensure its constitutional    
foundations with the passage of the Fourteenth Amendment.    
(172 words)    
  
4.The author implies that the Fourteenth Amendment      
might not have been enacted if    
(A) Congress' authority with regard to legislating    
civil rights had not been challenged      
(B) the framers had anticipated the Supreme Court's      
ruling in Brown v. Board of Education    
(C)  the  framers   had   believed  that  it  would   be  used  in    
deciding cases of discrimination involving    
non-racial groups    
(D) most state governments had been willing to    
protect citizens' civil rights    
(E)  its essential  elements   had   not   been  implicit  in  the    
Thirteenth Amendment      
  
5.According to the passage, which of the following    
       most accurately indicates the sequence of the events    
       listed below ?      
       I. Civil Rights Act of 1866    
   II. Dred Scott v. Sandford    
   III. Fourteenth Amendment    
   IV. Veto by President Johnson    
  
(A) I, II, III, IV    
(B) I, IV, II, III    
(C) I, IV, III, II    
(D) II, I, IV, III    
(E) III, II, I, IV    
  
6. In the context in which it appears, "overrode" most    
nearly means      
○A  trampled      
○B  extended    
○C  annulled    
○D   neutralized        
○E  compromised  
  
  

阅读1 ：参考翻译：  

                                                            本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                          3  

----------------------- Page 4-----------------------

                                                                                        www.sharewithu.com  

                                                                                                                                                       

文章结构：  

结论解释型；首句为Topic Sentence 。  

                                                                                                                       

                                                                                                                                             
  

Q1 physics 在dance 中的应用。选B;  

Q2  对应文中三句话，ABC.  

  

  

阅读2 ：  

  

论据：一个关于医疗保险的调查称：30%的一只手的患者三年内都需要第二次进行这个治疗；    

结论：这个治疗从长期看是无效的；    

  

题目：哪个选项削弱了文章结论？    

选项A:  如果报告中没说两次是否为同一只手，即都是左手戒者都是右手，就很大程度质疑了结论；  

  
       Many organisms are capable of altering their habitat    
significantly, sometimes limiting their own growth. The    
influence of the biological component of an ecosystem is    
often greater in fresh waters that in marine or terrestrial    
systems, because of the small size of many freshwater    
bodies. Many of the important effects of organisms are    

                                                     本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                  4  

----------------------- Page 5-----------------------

                                                                                          www.sharewithu.com  

related to their physiology, especially growth and    
respiration. By their growth many species can deplete    
essential nutrients within the system, thus limiting their    
own growth or that of other species. Lund has demonstrated    
that in Lake Windermere the alga Asterionella is unable to    
grow in conditions that it itself has created. Once a year, in    
the spring, this plant starts to grow rapidly in the lake,    
using up so much silica from the water that by late spring    
there is no longer enough to maintain its own growth. The    
population decreases dramatically as a result. (147 words)      
  
  
7.It can be inferred from the passage that which of the      
followings is true about Asterionella plants in Lake    
Windermere?      
(A) They are not present except in early spring.      
(B) They contribute silica to the waters as they grow.    
(C) They are food for other organisms.    
(D) They form a silica-rich layer on the lake    
       bottom.    
(E) Their growth peaks in the spring.    
  
8. Select the sentence in the passage that indicates certain      
causes of the alteration of organisms to their habitat.    
  

  

阅读1 ：来自老G 长文章删减；  

老G 译文如下：  

  

                                                        本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                     5  

----------------------- Page 6-----------------------

                                                                              www.sharewithu.com  

                                                                                                                         

  

                                                                                                                                

文章结构：结论解释型；  

Q4 ：  

Q5：  

                                           本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                      6  

----------------------- Page 7-----------------------

                                                                                      www.sharewithu.com  

                                                                 

Q6：根据overrode 出现的那个句子：Although Congress promptly overrode Johnson's veto,  前文知道Congress 

和Johnson 是对立关系，所以overrode 承接前文关系肯定是不同意的，选C。  

  

阅读2：结论解释型；  

  

文章翻译：  

  

Q7：从文中可推断，关于Windermere 胡的A 植物，哪一判断正确：  

  

A.  它们只在早春出现。反，晚春减少，但仍有。  

B.  其长大后，为水域提供氧化硅。反，吸收硅化物。  

C.  它们是其它生物体的食物。无。  

D.  它们在湖底形成了一个富含氧化硅的层面。无。  

E.  它们的生长在春天达到顶点。正确，早春猛长，晚春衰落。  
  

Q8：  

问的是cause 而不是effort，所以正确答案是Many  of  the  important  effects  of  organisms  are  related  to  their  

physiology, especially growth and respiration.  

  
Design courses should be an essential element in    
engineering curricula. Because perceptive processes are not    
assumed to entail "hard thinking," nonverbal thought is    
sometimes seen as a primitive stage in the development of    
cognitive processes and inferior to verbal or mathematical    
thought. But it is paradoxical that when the staff of the    
Historic American Engineering Record wished to have    
drawings made of machines and isometric views of    

                                                    本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                7  

----------------------- Page 8-----------------------

                                                                                          www.sharewithu.com  

industrial processes for its historical record of American    
engineering, the only college students with the requisite    
abilities were not engineering students, but rather students    
attending architectural schools.      
If courses in design, which in a strongly analytical    
engineering curriculum provide the background required    
for practical problem-solving, are not provided, we can    
expect to encounter silly but costly errors occurring in    
advanced engineering systems. For example, early models    
of high-speed railroad cars loaded with sophisticated    
controls were unable to operate in a snowstorm because a    
fan sucked snow into the electrical system.    (157 words)    
  
  
  
9.The author calls the predicament faced by the      
Historic American  Engineering Record "para-    
doxical" most probably because    
(A) the publication needed drawings that its own    
    staff could not make    
(B) architectural schools offered but did not require    
    engineering design courses for their students    
(C) college students were qualified to make the        
    drawings while practicing engineers were not    
(D) the drawings needed were so complicated that      
even students in architectural schools had    
difficulty making them.    
(E) engineering students were not trained to make      
the type of drawings needed to record the    
development of their own discipline    
  
10.The author uses the example of the early models of      
high-speed railroad cars primarily to    
(A) weaken the argument that modern engineering    
systems have major defects because of an    
absence of design courses in engineering    
curricula    
(B) support the thesis that the number of errors in    
modern engineering systems is likely to    
increase    
(C) illustrate the idea that courses in design are the    
most effective means for reducing the cost of    
designing engineering systems    
(D) support the contention that a lack of attention to    
the nonscientific aspects of design results in      
poor conceptualization by engineers    

                                                        本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                     8  

----------------------- Page 9-----------------------

                                                                             www.sharewithu.com  

(E) weaken the proposition that mathematics is a      
necessary part of the study of design  

  

阅读1 ：参考翻译：  
  

          因此设计课程应该成为工程课程中的基本成份。非语言思维，这一工程设计的核心机制，包括了感 

受这一属于艺术家的而非科学家的惯用手段。因为人们认为感受的过程不需要 “硬思维”，非语言思维 

被视为认知过程发展的一个原始阶段而且比语言和数学思维差。但令人感到自相矛盾的是，当《美国工 

程历史名录》的工作人员希望得到为其美国工程历史记录而绘制的机器图和等比例图时，唯一具有所需 

技能的大学生不是工程学大学生，而是就读于建筑学院的大学生。  

     如果不能开设设计课程（它能在一个高度分析性工程学课程体系中提供解决实际问题的背景知识）， 

我们就会在先进的工程系统中遇到愚蠢而同时会导致极大损失的错误。比如，装载了精密控制设备的早 

期高速铁路车辆模型不能在暴风雪中正常运行，原因是一个风扇将雪吸入到电子系统中。干扰着自动控 

制系统的荒唐的随机故障不是轻微的失常；它们是一种混乱的反映，人们认为这种混乱主要在设计数学 

方面的问题时就会产生。  

  

  

                                                                                                                    

  

Q9 ：  

                                                                                                               

                                          本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                    9  

----------------------- Page 10-----------------------

                                                                                   www.sharewithu.com  

  

  

  

Q10 ：  

                                                                                                                            

  

                                                 本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                           10  
