----------------------- Page 1-----------------------

                                                                                        www.sharewithu.com  

                                                         Exercise 36    

An experiment conducted aboard Space Lab in 1983 was the    
first attempt to grow protein crystals in the low-gravity    
environment of space. That experiment is still cited as    
evidence that growing crystals in microgravity can increase    
crystal size: the authors reported that they grew lysozyme    
protein crystals 1,000 times larger than crystals grown in the    
same device on Earth. Unfortunately, the authors did not    
point out that their crystals were no larger than the average    
crystal grown using other, more standard techniques in an    
Earth laboratory. No research has yet produced results that    
could justify the enormous costs of producing crystals on a    
large scale in space. To get an unbiased view of the    
usefulness of microgravity crystal growth, crystals grown in    
space must be compared with the best crystals that have been    
grown with standard techniques on Earth.    
(139 words)      
  
1.It can be inferred from the passage that the author      
would find the Space Lab experiment more impressive    
if which of the following were true?      
(A) The results of the Space Lab experiment could be      
replicated in producing other kinds of crystals in    
addition to lysozyme protein.      
(B) The device used in the experiment produced larger    
crystals on Earth than it did in space.    
(C) The size of the crystals produced in the experiment    
exceeded the size of crystals grown in    
Earth laboratories using standard techniques.    
(D)The cost of producing the crystals in space exceeded    
that  of   producing  them  using  standard   laboratory    
techniques.      
(E) The standard techniques used in Earth laboratories      
were   modified  in  the  Space   Lab  experiment  due  to    
the effects of microgravity.    
  
2.Which of the following can be inferred from the    
passage about the device used to grow crystals in the    
Space Lab experiment?      
(A) The device is more expensive to manufacture than are      
the  devices  used  in  standard  techniques  in  an   Earth    
laboratory.      
(B) The device has not been used to grow crystals in    
space since the Space Lab experiment of 1983.    

                                                      本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                   1  

----------------------- Page 2-----------------------

                                                                                        www.sharewithu.com  

(C) Crystals grown in the device on Earth tend to be    
much smaller than crystals grown in it in space.    
(D) Crystals grown in the device in space have been      
exceeded in size by crystals grown in subsequent    
experiments in space using other devices.    
(E) The experiments in which the device was used      
were conducted with proper controls.  
  
An experimental version of the traditional scholarly    
methods course was designed to raise students'    
consciousness about the usefulness of traditional learning    
for any modern critic or theorist. To minimize the artificial    
aspects of the conventional course, the usual procedure of    
assigning a large number of small problems drawn from the    
entire range of historical periods was abandoned, though    
this procedure has the obvious advantage of at least    
superficially familiarizing students with a wide range of    
reference sources. Instead, students were engaged in a    
collective effort to do original work on a neglected    
eighteenth-century writer, Elizabeth Griffith, to give them    
an authentic experience of literary scholarship and to    
inspire them to take responsibility for the quality of their    
own work. Griffith's work presented a number of    
advantages for this particular pedagogical purpose. The    
body of extant scholarship on Griffith was so tiny that it    
could all be read in a day. In addition, because Griffith was    
successful in the eighteenth century, her exclusion from the    
canon and virtual disappearance from literary history also    
helped raise issues concerning the current canon.      
(179 words)    
  
3. The author of the passage suggests that which of the      
following is a disadvantage of the strategy employed in    
the experimental scholarly methods course?    
(A) Students were not given an opportunity to study    
    women writers outside the canon.    
(B) Students' original work would not be appreciated    
     by recognized scholars.    
(C) Little scholarly work has been done on the work    
    of Elizabeth Griffith.    
(D) Most of the students in the course had had little    
    opportunity to study eighteenth-century literature.    
(E) Students were not given an opportunity to    
      encounter certain sources of information that could    
       prove useful in their future studies.    

                                                      本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                  2  

----------------------- Page 3-----------------------

                                                                                               www.sharewithu.com  

  
4. It can be inferred that the author of the passage con-    
siders traditional scholarly methods courses to be    
(A) irrelevant to the work of most students    
(B) inconsequential because of their narrow focus    
(C) unconcerned about the accuracy of reference    
    sources    
(D) too superficial to establish important facts about    
    authors    
(E) too wide-ranging to approximate genuine scholarly      
activity    
  
5. In the context in which it appears, "canon" most nearly    
means      
  
○A  dogma      
○B  classic    
○C  tour de force      
○D  ordinance    
○E  tenet  
  

阅读1：  

                                                                                                                                                                                  

                                                             本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                           3  

----------------------- Page 4-----------------------

                                                                                  www.sharewithu.com  

Q1 ：  

                                                                                                                                            

Q2 ：  

                                                                                                                                        

阅读2 ：  

                                                                                                                                            

                                                本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                           4  

----------------------- Page 5-----------------------

                                                                                          www.sharewithu.com  

Q3. GRE 出题一般倾向亍老缺点或新优点，但是注意该题问的是新缺点 ：  

                                                                                                                                                           

                                                                                                                                                          
据此，得到答案：E ；  

  

Q4.  可以定位在老缺点：the usual procedure of assigning a large number of small problems  

drawn from the entire range of historical periods was abandoned ；答案E;  

  

Q5.  可以直接选答案B ；  

tour de force ：绝技；力作；精心杰作；才华横溢；绝招，特技；  

ordinance ：条例；法令；圣餐礼；  

tenet ：宗旨；信条；原则；学说；  

  

Experiments show that insects can function as pollinators    

of cycads, rare, palmlike tropical plants. Furthermore,    

cycads removed from their native habitats—and therefore    

from insects native to those habitats—are usually infertile.    

Nevertheless, anecdotal reports of wind pollination in    

cycads cannot be ignored. The structure of cycads male    

cones is quite consistent with the wind dispersal of pollen,    

clouds of which are released from some of the larger cones.    

The male cone of Cycas circinalis, for example, sheds    

almost 100 cubic centimeters of pollen, most of which is    

probably dispersed by wind. Furthermore, the structure of    

most female cycad cones seems inconsistent with direct    

pollination by wind. Only in the Cycas genus are the    

females' ovules accessible to airborne pollen, since only in    

this genus are the ovules surrounded by a loose aggregation    

of megasporophylls rather than by a tight cone.        

(141 words)    

For the following question, consider each of the    

choices separately and select all that apply    

6. The passage suggests that which of the following is    

true of the structure of cycad cones?    

A The structure of cycad cones provides conclusive    

                                                       本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                    5  

----------------------- Page 6-----------------------

                                                                                                 www.sharewithu.com  

evidence in favor of one particular explanation    

of cycad pollination.    

B The structure of male cycad cones rules out a    

     possible mechanism for cycad pollination that is    

        suggested by the structure of most female cycad    

        cones.    

C The structure of male cycad cones is consistent        

    with a certain means of cycad pollination, but    

    that means is inconsistent with the structure of      

     most female cycad cones.      

  

7. The evidence in favor of insect pollination of cycads      

presented in the second sentence would be more    

convincing if which of the following were also true?    

(A) Only a small variety of cycad species can be    

successfully transplanted.      

(B) Cycads can sometimes be pollinated by means    

other than wind or insects.    

(C) Insects indigenous to regions to which cycads are      

transplanted sometimes feed on cycads.      

(D) Winds in the areas to which cycads are usually    

transplanted are similar to winds in cycads'      

native habitats.    

(E) The transplantation of cycads from one region to      

another usually involves the accidental removal    

and introduction of insects as well.    

  

8. That sales can be increased by the presence of sunlight    

within a store has been shown by the experience of    

the only Savefast department store with a large    

skylight. The skylight allows sunlight into half of the    

store,  reducing the need for artificial light. The rest of    

the store uses only artificial light. Since the store    

opened two years ago, the departments on the sunlit    

side have had substantially higher sales than the other    

departments.    

Which of the following, if true, most strengthens the    

argument?    

(A) On particularly cloudy days, more artificial light    

is used to illuminate the part of the store under    

the skylight.    

(B) When the store is open at night, the departments    

in the part of the store under the skylight have    

sales that are no higher than those of other    

departments.    

(C) Many customers purchase items from    

                                                                本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                               6  

----------------------- Page 7-----------------------

                                                                                               www.sharewithu.com  

departments in both parts of the store on a single    

shopping trip.    

(D) Besides the skylight, there are several significant    

architectural differences between the two parts of    

the store.    

(E) The departments in the part of the store under the    

skylight are the departments that generally have    

the highest sales in other stores in the Savefast    

chain.    

  

阅读1：  

                                                                                                                                                                           

                                                                                                                                                                                
  

  

                                                             本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                           7  

----------------------- Page 8-----------------------

                                                                                    www.sharewithu.com  

                                                                                                                                          

Q6 ：C 选项  

                                                                                                                                            
Q7 ：  

                                                                                                                                                
  

阅读2 ：  

  

结论：照射迚来的可以刺激销量：  

  

一半人工灯光，一半有阳光  -> 销量高；（文章论据）  

一半人工灯光，一半没阳光  -> 销量低；（对论据补充支持）  

答案B ；  

  

Influenced by the view of some twentieth-century    
feminists that women's position within the family is one of    
the central factors determining women's social position,    
some historians have underestimated the significance of the    
woman suffrage movement. These historians contend that    
nineteenth-century suffragism was less radical and, hence,    
less important than, for example, the moral reform    
movement or domestic feminism—two nineteenth-century    
movements in which women struggled for more power and    
autonomy within the family. True, by emphasizing these    
struggles, such historians have broadened the conventional    
view of nineteenth-century feminism, but they do a    
historical disservice to suffragism. Nineteenth-century    

                                                  本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                             8  

----------------------- Page 9-----------------------

                                                                                       www.sharewithu.com  

feminists and anti-feminist alike perceived the suffragists'    
demand for enfranchisement as the most radical element in    
women's protest, in part because suffragists were    
demanding power that was not based on the institution of    
the family, women's traditional sphere.    (135 words)        
  
  
9. Select the sentence that includes a qualification of the    
author‘s critical attitude toward the study of the historians    
as they are described in the passage.    
  
For the following question, consider each of the    
choices separately and select all that apply    
  
10. The passage provides information to support which of    
the following statements about the historians discussed in    
the passage EXCEPT    
  
A They rely too greatly on the perceptions of the actual    
participants in the events they study.      
B Their assessment of the significance of nineteenth-    
century suffragism differs considerably from that    
of nineteenth-century feminists.      
C They devote too much attention to nineteenth-    
century suffragism at the expense of more    
radical movements that emerged shortly after    
the turn of the century.  
  

这篇大致思路是：  

家庭是女性社会地位的最主要因素，历史学家认为 s 不如 f 深刻重要，因为 s 没有怎么涉及家庭这个观 

念；事实上，历史学家们扩大了传统观点的对f 的影响作用，无论是f 还是a-f 都认为，s 争取的权利是 

女权斗争中最厉害的也是最最难以争取的，他们与传统的家庭观念无关，所以历史学家们单单依靠他们 

没有涉及家庭这个原因否定s 是不正确的。    

  

9.  True, by emphasizing these struggles, such historians have broadened the conventional  

view of nineteenth-century feminism, but they do a historical disservice to suffragism.    

这题貌似比较明显吧。。。。注意qualification ，对应but。。。  

  

10.  These  historians  contend  that  nineteenth-century  suffragism  was  less  radical  and,  

hence,  less  important  than,  for  example,  the  moral  reform  movement  or  domestic  

feminism—two nineteenth-century movements in which women struggled for more power  

and autonomy within the family.  对应B 选项  

A 貌似没说吧。。。  

C 稍微能找到些比如说对着第二句，但是题干的内容和原文不符。  

                                                     本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                 9  
