----------------------- Page 1-----------------------

                                                                                         www.sharewithu.com  

                                                         Exercise 35    

It is their sensitive response to human circumstance that    
accounts for the persistence of certain universal ideas. Rabbi    
Meir, a second-century scholar, admonished his disciples to    
look not at the pitcher but at its contents because, he stated,    
"Many a new pitcher has been found to be full of old wine."    
Creative ideas not only produce their own instruments of    
survival as time and circumstances demand, but permit the    
substitution of new forms for old under the pressure of    
changed circumstances. For example, democracy, as an idea,    
originated in ancient Greece and was carried from there to    
Western Europe and the Americas. But it did not retain the    
ancient Greek form: it passed through several reforming    
processes and exists today in many countries. Democratic    
governments differ in form because democracy is in principle    
dynamic and has therefore responded to local needs.      
(141 words)      
  
1. According to the passage, democracy is an example of    
(A) a human circumstance that has molded creative    
ideas    
(B) an instrument of survival that has altered its      
original form    
(C) an attribute of a creative idea that has allowed      
that idea to persist    
(D) a creative idea that has persisted because of its      
    adaptability    
(E) a reforming process that has culminated in the    
      creation of modern governments    
  
2.The "new pitcher" mentioned in the passage is the    
    equivalent of which of the following elements in the    
    author's discussion of democracy?    
(A) Ancient Greece    
(B) The idea of democracy    
(C) A modern democratic government    
(D) A dynamic principle    
(E) The Greek form of democracy  
  

阅读1：参考翻译：  

                                                      本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                   1  

----------------------- Page 2-----------------------

                                                                                           www.sharewithu.com  

                                                                                                                                                              

                                                                                                                                                                   

                                                                                                                                                        

Q1 ：  

                                                                                                                                         

                                                         本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                      2  

----------------------- Page 3-----------------------

                                                                                        www.sharewithu.com  

Q2 ：  

                                                                                                                    
Aided by the recent ability to analyze samples of air    
trapped in glaciers, scientists now have a clearer idea of    
the relationship between atmospheric composition and    
global temperature change over the past 160,000 years.    
In particular, determination of atmospheric composition    
during periods of glacial expansion and retreat (cooling    
and warming) is possible using data from the 2,000-meter    
Vostok ice core drilled in Antarctica. The technique    
involved is similar to that used in analyzing cores of    
marine sediments, where the ratio of the two common    
isotopes of oxygen, 18O and 16O, accurately reflects past    
temperature changes. Isotopic analysis of oxygen in the    
Vostok core suggests mean global temperature    
fluctuations of up to 10 degrees centigrade over the past    
160,000 years.    
  
Data from the Vostok core also indicate that the    
amount of carbon dioxide has fluctuated with temperature    
over the same period: the higher the temperature, the    
higher the concentration of carbon dioxide and the lower    
the temperature, the lower the concentration. Although    
change in carbon dioxide content closely follows change    
in temperature during periods of deglaciation, it    
apparently lags behind temperature during periods of    
cooling. The correlation of carbon dioxide with    
temperature, of course, does not establish whether    
changes in atmospheric composition caused the warming    
and cooling trends or were caused by them.    
  
The correlation between carbon dioxide and    
temperature throughout the Vostok record is consistent    
and predictable. The absolute temperature changes,    
however, are from 5 to 14 times greater than would be    
expected on the basis of carbon dioxide‘s own ability to    

                                                     本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                  3  

----------------------- Page 4-----------------------

                                                                                          www.sharewithu.com  

absorb infrared radiation, or radiant heat. This reaction    
suggests that, quite aside from changes in heat-trapping    
gases, commonly known as greenhouse gases, certain    
positive feedbacks are also amplifying the temperature    
change. Such feedbacks might involve ice on land and sea,    
clouds, or water vapor, which also absorb radiant heat.    
    
Other data from the Vostok core show that methane    
gas also correlates closely with temperature and carbon    
dioxide. The methane concentration nearly doubled, for    
example, between the peak of the penultimate glacial    
period and the following interglacial period. Within the    
present interglacial period it has more than doubled in just    
the past 300 years and is rising rapidly. Although the    
concentration of atmospheric methane is more than two    
orders of magnitude lower than that of carbon dioxide, it    
cannot be ignored: the radiative properties of methane    
make it 20 times more effective, molecule for molecule,    
than carbon dioxide in absorbing radiant heat. On the    
basis of a simulation model that climatological    
researchers have developed, methane appears to have    
been about 25 percent as important as carbon dioxide in    
the warming that took place during the most recent glacial    
retreat 8,000 to 10,000 years ago.    
(445 words)  
  
  
For  the  following  question,  consider  each  of  the    
choices separately and select all that apply    
3. The   passage provides  information  to  support  which    
of the following statements about methane EXCEPT?    
  
A Methane is more effective than carbon dioxide    
        in absorbing radiant heat.    
B The higher the concentration of carbon dioxide    
    in the Earth‘s atmosphere; the lower the    
        concentration of methane.    
C Most of the global warming that has occurred    
    during the past 10 years has been associated with    
      increased methane concentration.    
          
4. According to the passage, which of the following      
    statements best describes the relationship between    
    carbon dioxide and global temperature?    
  (A) Carbon dioxide levels change immediately      
        in response to changes in temperature.    

                                                        本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                     4  

----------------------- Page 5-----------------------

                                                                                           www.sharewithu.com  

  (B) Carbon dioxide levels correlate with global    
      temperature during cooling periods only.    
  (C) Once carbon dioxide levels increase, they    
        remain high regardless of changes in global    
        temperature.    
  (D)Carbon dioxide levels increase more quickly    
        than global temperature does.    
  (E) During cooling periods, carbon dioxide levels      
      initially remain high and then decline.    
  
      
  
5. It can be inferred from the passage that a long-term    
  decrease in the concentration of carbon dioxide in    
  the Earth‘s atmosphere would      
  (A) increase methane concentration in the    
      Earth‘s atmosphere    
  (B) accompany a period of glaciation    
  (C) encourage the formation of more oxygen      
      isotopes in the Earth‘s atmosphere    
  (D) promote the formation of more water in the    
      Earth‘s global environment    
  (E) increase the amount of infrared radiation      
      absorbed by the Earth‘s atmosphere    
          
6. The passage suggests that when the methane      
    concentration in the Earth‘s atmosphere    
    decreases, which of the following also    
     happens?    
  (A) Glaciers melt faster.    
  (B) The concentration of carbon dioxide increases.    
  (C) The mean global temperature decreases.    
  (D) Carbon dioxide absorbs more radiant beat    
  (E) More clouds form in the Earth‘s atmosphere    

                                                         本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                       5  

----------------------- Page 6-----------------------

                                                                                 www.sharewithu.com  

                                                                                                                                        

  

文章结构：  

结论解释型；首句观点，后为三种例证（全和气温变化呈正关系）  

TS:  首句；  

  

Q3:  哪个文中没有提到？  

A 选项  于文中  methane make it 20 times more effective, molecule for molecule, than  

carbon dioxide in absorbing radiant heat.  对应，BC 没有涉及，BC 选项正确。  

  

                                               本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                          6  

----------------------- Page 7-----------------------

                                                                                    www.sharewithu.com  

Q4 ：  

                                                                                                                                     

Q5 ：  

                                                                                                                              

                                                                                                    

Q6:  

                                                                                                                                       

The essential condition for the decay of the vacuum is    
the presence of an intense electric field. As a result of the    
decay of the vacuum, the space permeated by such a field    
can be said to acquire an electric charge, and it can be    
called a charged vacuum. The particles that materialize in    
the space make the charge manifest. An electric field of    
sufficient intensity to create a charged vacuum is likely to    
be found in only one place: in the immediate vicinity of a    
superheavy atomic nucleus, one with about twice as many    
protons as the heaviest natural nuclei known. A nucleus    
that large cannot be stable, but it might be possible to    
assemble one next to a vacuum for long enough to    

                                                  本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                             7  

----------------------- Page 8-----------------------

                                                                                        www.sharewithu.com  

observe the decay of the vacuum.      
(131 words)      
  
7. The author‘s assertions concerning the conditions    
    that lead to the decay of the vacuum would be    
     most weakened if which of the following occurred?      
  
  (A) Scientists created an electric field next to a    
    vacuum, but found that the electric field was    
     not intense enough to create a charged    
    vacuum.      
  (B) Scientists assembled a superheavy atomic    
     nucleus next to a vacuum, but found that no    
    virtual particles were created in the vacuum‘s    
     region of space.    
  (C) Scientists assembled a superheavy atomic    
     nucleus next to a vacuum, but found that    
    they could not then detect any real particles      
    in the vacuum‘s region of space.    
  (D)Scientists introduced a virtual electron and a    
    virtual positron into a vacuum‘s region of    
    space, but found that the vacuum did not    
    then fluctuate.    
  (E) Scientists introduced a real electron and a real    
           positron into a vacuum‘s region of space, but    
          found that the total energy of the space    
           increased by the energy equivalent of the      
           mass of the particles.    

阅读 2 ：  

Q7 ：逻辑链：The essential condition for the decay of the vacuum is the presence of an intense  

electric field.  

the decay of the vacuum 的必要条件是：the presence of an intense electric field ，想要结论不 

成立，必要条件不成立即可；  

  “An electric field of sufficient intensity to create a charged vacuum is likely to be found in  

only one place: in the immediate vicinity of a super heavy atomic nucleus”  

告诉我们 an intense electric field 的必要条件是：in the immediate vicinity of a super heavy  

atomic nucleus,  只需必要条件不成立，结论就不成立；  

逻辑思路清楚以后，但发现选项里没有这样的选项，这是为什么呢？因为这道题的定位不在这一段……  

更好的定位在这段文章的上一段：In  other  words,  under  these  conditions  the  vacuum  is  an  

unstable state and can decay into a state of lower energy; i.e., one in which real particles  

are created.  

  
  
  

                                                      本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                  8  

----------------------- Page 9-----------------------

                                                                                          www.sharewithu.com  

Historians have only recently begun to note the    
increase in demand for luxury goods and services that    
took place in eighteenth-century England. To answer the    
question of why consumers became so eager to buy, some    
historians have pointed to the ability of manufacturers to    
advertise in a relatively uncensored press. This, however,    
hardly seems a sufficient answer. McKendrick favors a    
Veblen model of conspicuous consumption stimulated by    
competition for status. The "middling sort" bought goods    
and services because they wanted to follow fashions set    
by the rich. Again, we may wonder whether this    
explanation is sufficient. Do not people enjoy buying    
things as a form of self-gratification? If so, consumerism    
could be seen as a product of the rise of new concepts of    
individualism and materialism, but not necessarily of the    
frenzy for conspicuous competition.          (135 words)    
  
  
  
8.In the paragraph, the author is primarily concerned with    
(A) contrasting two theses and offering a compromise    
(B) questioning two explanations and proposing a    
possible alternative to them.    
(C) paraphrasing the work of two historians and    
questioning their assumptions    
(D) examining two theories and endorsing one over    
the other    
(E) raising several questions but implying that they      
cannot be answered.    
  
9.According to the passage, a Veblen model of    
conspicuous consumption has been used to      
(A) investigate the extent of the demand for luxury      
goods among social classes in eighteenth-    
century England    
(B) classify the kinds of luxury goods desired by    
eighteenth-century consumers    
(C) explain the motivation of eighteenth-century    
consumers to buy luxury goods    
(D) establish the extent to which the tastes of rich    
consumers were shaped by the middle classes      
in eighteenth-century England    
(E)compare luxury consumerism in eighteenth-    
century England with such consumerism in    
the twentieth century  
  

                                                        本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                     9  

----------------------- Page 10-----------------------

                                                                                        www.sharewithu.com  

How can the hormone adrenaline that does not act directly    
on the brain have a regulatory effect on brain function?    
Recently, we tested the possibility that one of the hormone's    
actions outside the brain might be responsible. Since one    
consequence of adrenaline release in an animal is an increase    
in blood glucose levels, we examined the effects of glucose on    
memory in rats. We found that glucose injected immediately    
after training enhances memory tested the next day. Additional    
evidence was provided by negative findings: drugs called    
adrenergic antagonists, which block peripheral adrenaline    
receptors, disrupted adrenaline's ability to regulate memory    
but did not affect memory enhancements produced by glucose    
that was not stimulated by adrenaline. These results are as they    
should be if adrenaline affects memory modulation by    
increasing blood glucose levels.                          (131 words)        
  
  
10.The author refers to the results of the experiment using    
adrenergic antagonists as "negative findings"    
most likely because the adrenergic antagonists        
  
(A) failed to disrupt adrenaline's effect on memory    
(B) did not affect glucose's ability to enhance memory.    
(C) did not block adrenaline's ability to increase blood      
glucose levels    
(D) only partially affected adrenaline's ability to      
enhance memory    
(E) disrupted both adrenaline's and glucose's effect      
on memory  
  

阅读 1 ：参考译文：  

                                                                                                                                           

                                                                                                                                                    

Q8.  This, however, hardly seems a sufficient answer ；Again, we may wonder whether this  

explanation is sufficient ；  两处转折接连否定了之前的两种说法，提出自己的主张，答案 B ；    

  

Q9.  文章的主题就是讨论购买奢侈品的动机，答案 C ；    

                                                      本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                  10  

----------------------- Page 11-----------------------

                                                                                      www.sharewithu.com  

阅读 2 ：参考翻译：  

                                                                                                                                                    

                                                                                                                                                

                                                                                                                                                

Q10:  

                                                                                                                                                   

                                                   本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                               11  
