----------------------- Page 1-----------------------

                                                                                           www.sharewithu.com  

                                                            Exercise 33    

Writing of the Iroquois nation, Smith has argued that    
through the chiefs' council, tribal chiefs traditionally    
maintained complete control over the political affairs of    
both the Iroquois tribal league and the individual tribes    
belonging to the league, whereas the sole jurisdiction over    
religious affairs resided with the shamans. He contended    
that this division was maintained until the late nineteenth    
century. However, Smith fails to recognize that this division    
of power between the tribal chiefs and shamans was not    
actually rooted in Iroquois tradition; rather, it resulted from    
the Iroquois' resettlement on reservations early in the    
nineteenth century. Prior to resettlement, the chiefs' council    
controlled only the broad policy of the tribal league;    
individual tribes had institutions― most important, the    
longhouse― to govern their own affairs. In the longhouse,    
the tribe's chief influenced both political and religious    
affairs.        
(137 words)      
1. It can be inferred that the author of the passage      
regards Smith's argument as    
(A) provocative and potentially useful, but flawed      
by poor organization    
(B) eloquently presented, but needlessly inflammatory    
(C) accurate in some of its particulars, but inaccurate    
with regard to an important point.    
(D) historically sound, but overly detailed and    
redundant    
(E) persuasive in its time, but now largely outdated      
  
2. The author of the passage implies that which of the      
following occurred after the Iroquois were resettled    
on reservations early in the nineteenth century?    
(A) Chiefs became more involved in their tribes'      
religious affairs.    
(B) The authority of the chiefs' council over the      
affairs of individual tribes increased.    
(C) The political influence of the Iroquois shamans      
was diminished.    
(D) individual tribes coalesced into the Iroquois    
tribal league.      
(E) The longhouse because a political rather than a    
religious institution.  
  

  

                                                        本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                      1  

----------------------- Page 2-----------------------

                                                                                        www.sharewithu.com  

阅读 1 ：  

  

Q1.  由  However, Smith fails to recognize that this division of power    

能够体现出一正一反的感觉的只有 C ；    

  

Q2.  定位在：    

Prior  to  resettlement,  the  chiefs'  council  controlled  only  the  broad  policy  of  the  tribal  

league; individual tribes had institutions― most important, the longhouse― to govern their  

own affairs.    

说的是 council control ：tribal > individual;  答案应该是上述内容取反，正确答案 B;  

  

阅读1：参考翻译：  

                                                                                                                                                            

  
  
Over the years, biologists have suggested two main    
pathways by which sexual selection may have shaped the    
evolution of male birdsong. In the first, male competition    
and intrasexual selection produce relatively short, simple    
songs used mainly in territorial behavior. In the second,    
female choice and intersexual selection produce longer,    
more complicated songs used mainly in mate attraction;    
like such visual ornamentation as the peacock's tail,    
elaborate vocal characteristics increase the male's chances    
of being chosen as a mate, and he thus enjoys more    
reproductive success than his less ostentatious rivals. The    
two pathways are not mutually exclusive, and we can    
expect to find examples that reflect their interaction.    
Teasing them apart has been an important challenge to    
evolutionary biologists.      
  
Early research confirmed the role of intrasexual    
selection. In a variety of experiments in the field, males    
responded aggressively to recorded songs by exhibiting    

                                                      本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                  2  

----------------------- Page 3-----------------------

                                                                                         www.sharewithu.com  

territorial behavior near the speakers. The breakthrough for    
research into intersexual selection came in the development    
of a new technique for investigating female response in the    
laboratory. When female cowbirds raised in isolation in    
soundproof chambers were exposed to recordings of male    
song, they responded by exhibiting mating behavior. By    
quantifying the responses, researchers were able to    
determine what particular features of the song were most    
important. In further experiments on song sparrows,    
researchers found that when exposed to a single song type    
repeated several times or to a repertoire of different song    
types, females responded more to the latter. The beauty of    
the experimental design is that it effectively rules out    
confounding variables; acoustic isolation assures that the    
female can respond only to the song structure itself.    
  
If intersexual selection operates as theorized, males    
with more complicated songs should not only attract    
females more readily but should also enjoy greater    
reproductive success. At first, however, researchers doing    
fieldwork with song sparrows found no correlation between    
larger repertoires and early mating, which has been shown    
to be one indicator of reproductive success; further,    
common measures of male quality used to predict    
reproductive success, such as weight, size, age, and    
territory, also failed to correlate with song complexity.      
  
The confirmation researchers had been seeking was    
finally achieved in studies involving two varieties of    
warblers. Unlike the song sparrow, which repeats one of its    
several song types in bouts before switching to another, the    
warbler continuously composes much longer and more    
variable songs without repetition. For the first time,    
researchers found a significant correlation between    
repertoire size and early mating, and they discovered    
further that repertoire size had a more significant effect    
than any other measure of male quality on the number of    
young produced. The evidence suggests that warblers use    
their extremely elaborate songs primarily to attract females,    
clearly confirming the effect of intersexual selection on the    
evolution of birdsong.    
(462 words)  
  
3. The passage is primarily concerned with    
  (A) showing that intrasexual selection has a greater      
effect on birdsong than does intersexual selection    

                                                      本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                   3  

----------------------- Page 4-----------------------

                                                                                           www.sharewithu.com  

  (B) contrasting the role of song complexity in several      
species of birds    
  (C) describing research confirming the suspected      
relationship between intersexual selection and the      
complexity of birdsong    
  (D) demonstrating the superiority of laboratory work      
over field studies in evolutionary biology    
  (E) illustrating the effectiveness of a particular      
approach to experimental design in evolutionary    
biology    
  
4.The author mentions the peacock's tail in the first    
paragraph most probably in order to    
(A) cite an exception to the theory of the relationship    
between intrasexual selection and male competition    
(B) illustrate the importance of both of the pathways      
that shaped the evolution of birdsong    
(C) draw a distinction between competing theories of    
intersexual selection    
(D) give an example of a feature that may have evolved    
through intersexual selection by female choice      
(E) refute a commonly held assumption about the role    
of song in mate attraction      
  
  
5. The passage indicates that researchers raised female    
cowbirds in acoustic isolation in order to    
  (A) eliminate confounding variables    
(B) approximate field conditions    
(C) measure reproductive success      
(D) quantify repertoire complexity      
(E) prevent early mating    
  
6. According to the passage, the song sparrow is unlike      
the warbler in that the song sparrow    
(A) uses songs mainly in territorial behavior      
(B) continuously composes long and complex songs      
(C) has a much larger song  repertoire    
(D) repeats one song type before switching to another      
(E) responds aggressively to recorded songs  
  

Q3.  主旨题：没有对比所以排除 AB ，而没有出现key words 所以排除 DE ，正确答案C ；    

  

Q4.  more complicated songs used mainly in mate attraction; like such visual    

ornamentation as the peacock's tail, elaborate vocal characteristics increase the    

                                                         本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                      4  

----------------------- Page 5-----------------------

                                                                                        www.sharewithu.com  

male's chances of being chosen as a mate    

答案 D ；    

  

Q5.  When female cowbirds raised in isolation in soundproof chambers were exposed    

to recordings of male song, they responded by exhibiting mating behavior    

in isolation in soundproof  一定是为了后面的实验目的准备的，排除其他的干扰，  

只让她暴露在雄鸟的歌声中，所以正确答案 A ；    

  

Q6.  定位至文中 Unlike  the  song  sparrow,  which  repeats  one  of  its  several  song  types  in  

bouts    

before switching to another, the warbler continuously composes much longer    

and more variable songs without repetition    

所以正确答案：D ；  

  

7.Mayor: Four years ago when we reorganized the city    
police department in order to save money, critics    
claimed that the reorganization would make the police    
less responsive to citizens and would thus lead to more    
crime. The police have compiled theft statistics from    
the years following the reorganization that show that    
the critics were wrong. There was an overall decrease    
in reports of thefts of all kinds, including small thefts.      
  
Which of the following, if true, most seriously challenges    
the mayor's argument?      
(A) When city police are perceived as unresponsive,    
victims of theft are less likely to report thefts to    
the police.    
(B) The mayor's critics generally agree that police    
statistics concerning crime reports provide the    
most reliable available data on crime rates.    
(C) In other cities where police departments have been    
similarly reorganized, the numbers of reported    
thefts have generally risen following    
reorganization.    
(D) The mayor's reorganization of the police    
department failed to save as much money as it was    
intended to save.    
(E) During the four years immediately preceding the    
reorganization, reports of all types of theft had    
been rising steadily in comparison to reports of    
other crimes.  
  

  

                                                      本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                  5  

----------------------- Page 6-----------------------

                                                                                      www.sharewithu.com  

阅读 2 ：  

Q7 ：哪个选项会挑战原文结论？  

现象：为了省钱重组警察局，评论家认为重组后会让警察局 less responsive to citizens   ，并提高犯罪 

率，  

结论：报告显示重组后犯罪率降低。  

显然，如果大家觉得重组后警察没用了有事也不上报，那么警局统计的犯罪率肯定降低，所以正确答案 

A ；  

  

The term "remote sensing" refers to the techniques of    
measurement and interpretation of phenomena from a    
distance. Prior to the mid-1960's the interpretation of film    
images was the primary means for remote sensing of the    
Earth's geologic features. With the development of the    
optomechanical scanner, scientists began to construct digital    
multispectral images using data beyond the sensitivity range of    
visible light photography. These images are constructed by    
mechanically aligning pictorial representations of such    
phenomena as the reflection of light waves outside the visible    
spectrum, the refraction of radio waves, and the daily changes    
in temperature in areas on the Earth's surface. The advantage    
of digital over photographic imaging is evident: the resulting    
numerical data are precisely known, and digital data are not    
subject to the vagaries of difficult-to- control chemical    
processing.    
8. It can be inferred from the passage that a major    
disadvantage of photographic imaging in geologic mapping    
is that such photography      
  
(A) cannot be used at night    
(B) cannot focus on the details of a geologic area    
(C) must be chemically processed      
(D) is always enhanced by digital reconstruction    
(E) cannot reflect changes over extended periods of    
  time    
  
For many years, Benjamin Quarles' seminal account of    
the participation of African Americans in the American    
Revolution has remained the standard work in the field.    
According to Quarles, the outcome of this conflict was mixed    
for African American slaves who enlisted in Britain's fight    
against its rebellious American colonies in return for the    
promise of freedom: the British treacherously resold many    
into slavery in the West Indies, while others obtained    
freedom in Canada and Africa. Building on Quarles' analysis    
of the latter group, Sylvia Frey studied the former slaves who    

                                                   本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                               6  

----------------------- Page 7-----------------------

                                                                                         www.sharewithu.com  

emigrated to British colonies in Canada. According to Frey,    
these refugees -- the most successful of the African American    
Revolutionary War participants -- viewed themselves as the    
ideological heirs of the American Revolution. Frey sees this    
inheritances reflected in their demands for the same rights    
that the American revolutionaries had demanded from the    
British: land ownership, limits to arbitrary authority and    
burdensome taxes, and freedom of religion. (157 words)    
  
9.Which of the following can be inferred from the      
     passage concerning Britain's rule in its Canadian      
    colonies after the American Revolution?    
(A) Humiliated by their defeat by the Americans, the British        
sharply curtailed civil rights in their Canadian colonies.    
(B) The British largely ignored their Canadian colonies.    
(C) The British encouraged the colonization of Canada by    
those African Americans who had served on the    
American side as well as by those who had served on    
the British side.      
(D) Some of Britain's policies in its Canadian colonies    
were similar to its policies in its American colonies    
before the American Revolution.      
(E) To reduce the debt incurred during the war, the British      
imposed even higher taxes on the Canadian colonists    
than they had on the American colonists.      
  
10.Which of the following is most analogous to the      
relationship between the African American    
Revolutionary War participants who settled in Canada    
after the American Revolution and the American    
revolutionaries, as that relationship is described in the    
passage?    
(A) A brilliant pupil of a great musician rebels    
against the teacher, but adopts the teacher's    
musical style after the teacher's unexpected death.    
(B) Two warring rulers finally make peace after a    
lifetime of strife when they realize that they      
have been duped by a common enemy.    
(C) A child who has sided with a domineering    
parent against a defiant sibling later makes    
demands of the parent similar to those once    
made by the sibling.    
  (D) A writer spends much of her life popularizing    
the work of her mentor, only to discover late in      
life that much of the older writer's work is    
plagiarized from the writings of a foreign    

                                                      本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                   7  

----------------------- Page 8-----------------------

                                                                                 www.sharewithu.com  

contemporary.    
  (E) Two research scientists spend much of their      
careers working together toward a common    
goal, but later quarrel over which of them should    
receive credit for the training of a promising      
student.  
  

阅读1：参考翻译：  

遥感这一概念是指对来自远处的现象测量和说明的技术.在 20 世纪中叶之前,对胶片的解释是对地球地质特征进行遥 

感的主要方法.随着光机械扫描仪的发展,科学家人开始利用超出可见光摄影术感知范围的数据构造数字化多谱图像. 

这些图像的建造是通过用机械的手段对一些现象的图象进行整理,如可见光光谱之外的反射,无线电波的折射和地球 

表面一些地区日常的温度变化.数字化多谱现象已成为从卫星上进行地质遥感的基本工具.相对于其他的摄影成象,数 

字成象的优点是明显的,产生的数字化数据可以被精确地理解,并且不会受到难以控制的化学过程的不规则性的影响.  

  

Q8 ：由 major  disadvantages  定位到文中最后一句  advantage ，digital  的优势正是  geologic  

mapping  的劣势，可知正确答案为 C ；  

  

阅读 2 ：  

Q9.  定位至文中 According  to  Frey,  these  refugees  --  the  most  successful  of  the  African  

American    

Revolutionary  War  participants  --  viewed  themselves  as  the  ideological  heirs  of  the  

American Revolution. Frey sees this inheritances reflected in their demands for the same  

rights that the American revolutionaries had demanded from the British: land ownership,  

limits to arbitrary authority and burdensome taxes, and    

freedom of religion.    

因此可以知道 Canadian 和 American 都层遭受过 British 的政策同样的不公。  正确答案 D ；  

  

Q10.  同样的，定位至上面一句，两者需求相似，所以 C 选项正确；  

                                              本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                         8  
