----------------------- Page 1-----------------------

                                                                                           www.sharewithu.com  

                                                            Exercise 21    

                                         
Nevelson says, ―I have always wanted to show the    
world that art is everywhere, except that it has to pass    
through a creative mind.‖ Using mostly discarded wooden    
objects like packing crates, broken pieces of furniture, and    
abandoned architectural ornaments, all of which she has    
hoarded for years, she assembles architectural constructions    
of great beauty and power. Creating very freely with no    
sketches, she glues and nails objects together, paints them    
black, or more rarely white or gold, and places them in    
boxes. These assemblages, walls, even entire environments    
create a mysterious, almost awe-inspiring atmosphere.    
Although she has denied any symbolic or religious intent in    
her works, their three-dimensional grandeur and even their    
titles, such as Sky Cathedral and Night Cathedral, suggest    
such connotations. (124 words)    
  
  
1. Which of the following is one way in which Nevel-    
son‘s art illustrates her theory as it is expressed in    
the first sentence?    
(A) She sculpts in wood rather than in metal or    
stone.    
(B) She paints her sculptures and frames them in    
boxes.    
(C) She makes no preliminary sketches but rather    
allows the sculpture to develop as she works.    
(D) She puts together pieces of ordinary objects    
once used for different purposes to make her    
sculptures.    
(E) She does not deliberately attempt to convey    
symbolic or religious meanings through her    
sculpture.    
  
  
―Popular art‖ has a number of meanings, impossible to    
define with any precision, which range from folklore to    
junk. The poles are clear enough, but the middle tends to    
blur. The Hollywood Western of the 1930‘s, for example,    
has elements of folklore, but is closer to junk than to high    
art or folk art. There can be great trash, just as there is bad    
high art. The musicals of George Gershwin are great    
popular art, never aspiring to high art. Schubert and Brahms,    
however, used elements of popular music—folk themes—in    

                                                        本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                      1  

----------------------- Page 2-----------------------

                                                                            www.sharewithu.com  

works clearly intended as high art. The case of Verdi is a    
different one: he took a popular genre—bourgeois    
melodrama set to music (an accurate definition of    
nineteenth-century opera)—and, without altering its    
fundamental nature, transmuted it into high art. (133 words)    
  
  
6. The author refers to Schubert and Brahms in order    
to suggest    
(A) that their achievements are no less substantial    
than those of Verdi    
(B) that their works are examples of great trash    
(C) the extent to which Schubert and Brahms    
influenced the later compositions of Verdi    
(D) a contrast between the conventions of    
nineteenth-century opera and those of    
other musical forms    
(E) that popular music could be employed in    
compositions intended as high art  

  

阅读1：文章来自老G 的阅读题目，仍然先看老G 的翻译，当做背景知识吧~  
  
路易丝"奈纳尔森（Louise Nevelson）被许多评论家相信为是二十世纪最伟大的雕塑家，这一点愈发 
令人瞩目，因为直到最近，对女艺术家最强烈的抵制一直存在于雕塑这一领域。自从新石器时代 
 （Neolithic times）以来，雕塑一直被视作男人的特权，部分程度上或计是因为纯粹的生理原因：人 
们误以为女性不适于雕石、刻木、镂制金属所必需的繁重体力劳动。只有在二十世纪，女艺术家才 
被承认为主要艺术家，并且只有在美国，尤其是自从五十年代和六十年代以来，女雕塑家们才展现 
出了最非凡的独特性和创造力。她们的地位日臻显赫，这是与雕塑本身在美国的发展是相伴随的： 
尽管在二十世纪四十年代之前在美国不乏一些富于才华的雕塑家，然则，只有在1945 年之后，当纽 
约迅速变成世界上的艺术之都时，重要的雕塑作品才在美国被创作出来。某些一流的作品即出自女 
性之手。  
      显然，这些女性中最杰出的便是路易丝"奈维尔森，她在许多评论家的眼中，可谓是当今活着 
的最具独创性的女艺术家。一位著名而有影响的评论家希尔登"克莱默（Hilton Kramer ）对她的作品 
评述道：“对我来说，我认为奈维尔森女士在画家常常失败的地方却获得了成功。”  
      她的作品被人比所作毕加索（Picasso）的立体派结构、米罗（Miro）的超现实主义物体、以 
及施维特斯（Schwittdrs ）的“梅尔茨” 。奈维尔森就是第一个站出来承认她受到了所有这些的影响， 
并且还受到非洲雕塑，以及土著美洲人和前哥伦布艺术的影响，但她将所有这些影响予以吸收融合， 
依然得以创造出一种独特的艺术，表现都市风景以及二十世纪的审美旨趣。奈维尔森说：“我一贯希 
望向世人证明艺术无处不在，但它必须经由一颗富于创造力的心灵。”  
      奈维尔森所利用的大多是被废弃的如包装箱一类的木质物件，破家具，以及被扔掉的建筑装 
饰物——所有这些她多年积存而得——她组装出极具美感和力度的建筑物般的结构。她不用草图， 
只是自由发挥地进行创作，将物体贴合或钉在一起，将它们漆成黑色，或极为少见地漆成白色或金 
黄色，并将它们置于盒内。这些装配艺术品、墙垛、甚至整个的环境艺术品营造出一种神秘的、几 
乎是引人恐惧的氛围。虽然她否认她作品中具有任何象征性的或宗教的意图，但它们三维立体的恢 
宏气势以及它们的标题，例如《天庭大教堂》（Sky Cathedral ）以及《黑夜大教堂》（NightCathedral）， 
暗示出这样一种意蕴。在某些方面，她最为雄心勃勃的作品更接近于环境艺术品，而与传统雕塑相 

                                         本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                  2  

----------------------- Page 3-----------------------

                                                                                      www.sharewithu.com  

去甚远。但这样一来，无论是路易丝"奈维尔森还是她的作品，都无法被归纳到任何泾渭分明的范畴 
中。  
  

Q1：下面哪一项体现了文章第一句的theory ？  
解析：文章的第一句说艺术无处不在，关键是要有个creative  mind 。也就是说平平常常的东西也可 
以创造成为艺术。所以正确答案D；  
  

阅读2：这篇比较简单  
Q6：文章中提到S  和   B 要干嘛？  
解析：定位到Schubert and Brahms, however, used elements of popular music—folk themes—in works  
clearly intended as high art.  选E。  
  
  
  
Until recently astronomers have been puzzled by the    
fate of red giant and supergiant stars. When the core of a    
giant star whose mass surpasses 1.4 times the present    

mass of our Sun (M⊙) exhausts its nuclear fuel, it is    
unable to support its own weight and collapses into a tiny    
neutron star. The gravitational energy released during this    
implosion of the core blows off the remainder of the star    
in a gigantic explosion, or a supernova.    
Since around 50 percent of all stars are believed to    
begin their lives with masses greater than 1.4M⊙, we    
might expect that one out of every two stars would die as    
a supernova. But in fact, only one star in thirty dies such a    
violent death. The rest expire much more peacefully as    
planetary nebulas. Apparently most massive stars manage    
to lose sufficient material that their masses drop below    

the critical value of 1.4 M ⊙   before they exhaust their    
nuclear fuel. Evidence supporting this view comes from    
observations of IRC+10216, a pulsating giant star located    
700 light-years away from Earth. A huge rate of mass loss    

(1 M⊙  every 10,000 years) has been deduced from    
infrared observations of ammonia (NH3) molecules    
located in the circumstellar cloud around IRC+10216.    
Recent microwave observations of carbon monoxide    
(CO) molecules indicate a similar rate of mass loss and    
demonstrate that the escaping material extends outward    
from the star for a distance of at least one light-year.    
Because we know the size of the cloud around    
IRC+10216 and can use our observations of either NH3    
or CO to measure the outflow velocity, we can calculate an    
age for the circumstellar cloud. IRC+10216 has    
apparently expelled, in the form of molecules and dust    
grains, a mass equal to that of our entire Sun within the    

                                                   本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                               3  

----------------------- Page 4-----------------------

                                                                                          www.sharewithu.com  

past ten thousand years. This implies that some stars can    
shed huge amounts of matter very quickly and thus may    
never expire as supernovas. Theoretical models as well as    
statistics on supernovas and planetary nebulas suggest    

that stars that begin their lives with masses around 6 M ⊙    
shed sufficient material to drop below the critical value of    
1.4M⊙. IRC+10216, for example, should do this in a mere    
50,000 years from its birth, only an instant in the life of a    
star.    
But what place does IRC+10216 have in stellar    
evolution? Astronomers suggest that stars like    
IRC+10216 are actually ―protoplanetary nebulas‖ –old    
giant stars whose dense cores have almost but not quite    
rid themselves of the fluffy envelopes of gas around them.    
Once the star has lost the entire envelope, its exposed    
core becomes the central star of the planetary nebula and    
heats and ionizes the last vestiges of the envelope as it    
flows away into space. This configuration is a    
full-fledged planetary nebula, long familiar to optical    
astronomers.    
  
  
2. The primary purpose of the passage is to    
(A) offer a method of calculating the age of circum-    
stellar clouds    
(B) describe the conditions that result in a star‘s    
expiring as a supernova    
(C) discuss new evidence concerning the composition    
of planetary nebulas    
(D) explain why fewer stars than predicted expire as    
supernovas    
(E) survey conflicting theories concerning the    
composition of circumstellar clouds    
  
3. The view mentioned in the middle of the second    
paragraph serves to    
(A) reconcile seemingly contradictory facts    
(B) undermine a previously held theory    
(C) take into account data previously held to be    
insignificant    
(D) resolve a controversy    
(E) question new methods of gathering data  
  
4. It can be inferred from the passage that the author    
assumes which of the following in the discussion of    
the rate at which IRC+10216 loses mass?    

                                                        本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                     4  

----------------------- Page 5-----------------------

                                                                                     www.sharewithu.com  

(A) The circumstellar cloud surrounding    
IRC+10216 consists only of CO    
and NH3 molecules.    
(B) The circumstellar cloud surrounding    
IRC+10216 consists of material expelled    
from that star.    
(C) The age of a star is equal to that of its    
circumstellar cloud.    
(D) The rate at which IRC+10216 loses mass    
varies significantly from year to year.    

(E) Stars with a mass greater than 6 M⊙   lose    
mass at a rate faster than stars with a mass    

less than 6 M⊙  do.    
  
5. According to information provided by the passage,    
which of the following stars would astronomers    
most likely describe as a planetary nebula?    
(A) A star that began its life with a mass of    
5.5 M⊙, has exhausted its nuclear fuel, and    
has a core that is visible to astronomers    
(B) A star that began its life with a mass of 6 M⊙,    
lost mass at a rate of 1 M⊙   per 10,000 years,    
and exhausted its nuclear fuel in 40,000 years    
(C) A star that has exhausted its nuclear fuel, has a    
mass of 1.2 M⊙, and is surrounded by a    
circumstellar cloud that obscures its core    
from view    
(D) A star that began its life with a mass greater    

than 6 M ⊙, has just recently exhausted its    
nuclear fuel, and is in the process of releasing    
massive amounts of gravitational energy    
(E) A star that began its life with a mass of    
5.5 M⊙, has yet to exhaust its nuclear fuel,    
and exhibits a rate of mass loss similar to    
that of IRC+10216  
  

  

阅读翻译：  
直到最近，天文学家们对红巨星（red giant ）和超巨星（supergiant）这类星星的命运甚感困惑。当 
一颗质量超过我们的太阳目前质量（M☉）1.4 倍的巨星的内核耗竭其核燃料时，它便无法支撑自身 
的重量，并收缩成为一颗小型中子星（neutronstar）。在星球内核的这种向心聚爆过程中所释放出来 
的重力能（gravitationalenergy ）将该星球的剩余部分在一次巨烈的爆炸或超新星（supernova ）中炸 
掉。由于所有星球中约 50%的星球据信都是以大于1.4M ☉的质量开始其生命的,我们则期望,每两颗 
星球中便有一颗会作为超新星死亡.但事实上,只是在三十个星球中才仅有一个星球会以这种暴亡终 
结其寿命.其它的星球都作为行星星云（planetary nebula）更为平静地寿终正寝。显然，大多数质量 
庞大的星球得以设法弃置足够的物质，这样，在它偿耗竭自身的核燃料之前，其质量可降至 1.4.M 

                                                   本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                               5  

----------------------- Page 6-----------------------

                                                                             www.sharewithu.com  

☉这个关键值以下。  
      支持这一观点的证据来自对IRC+10216 的观察。所谓IRC+10216，是指位于距地球700 光年处 
的一颗颤动不停的巨星。科学家对位于 IRC+10216  周围的环恒星云层中的氨（ammonia，NH3）分 
子进行了红外观察，从这些观察中，一个巨大的质量损耗率（每10,000 年1M☉）得以被推断出来。 
最近对一氧化碳（CO ）分子的微波（microwave）观察显示出一种近似的质量损耗率，并证明逃逸 
物质会从该星球往外延伸到至少一光年的距离。由于我们对 IRC+10216 周围云层的规模有所了解， 
并能利用我们对NH3 或CO 的观察来测量出流出速度，我们就能把环恒星云层的年代测算出来。显 
然，在过去的一万年中，IRC+10216 以分子和尘粒的形式排出了相当于我们的整个地球质量的物质。 
这即意味着某些星球可非常快速地摆脱大量的物质，故可以永远不作为超新星消亡。无论是理论模 
型，还是有关超新星和行星星云的数据均表明，那些以约 6M ☉的质量开始其生命的星球，能摆脱 
足够数量的物质，从而降至1.4M ☉这个关键值以下。例如，IRC+10216 就应该在自己诞生之日起短 
短的50,000 年中做到这一点，而50,000 年仅是一颗星球总寿命的短暂一瞬。  
      但是，IRC+10216 在星球演化中占据着什么样的位置呢？天文学家表示，象IRC+10216 这样的 
星球实际上都是所谓的“原行星星云（protoplanetary nebula）”——即那些古老古老的巨星，其稠密 
的内核几乎已经，但仍没有彻底地，摆脱掉它们周围的那些轻软的气体包层。一旦星球失去整个包 
层，该星球曝露在外的内核变作行星星云的中心星球，并随同包层流失进入太空，将包层最后的残 
留部分加热并离子化。这一位形（configuration ）是一充分发展的行星星云，为光学天文学家长期所 
熟知.  

  

Q2：文章的main idea？  
解析：第二段有转折“But in fact, only one star in thirty dies such a violent death”  后面通篇举的例子就 
是为了说明这个观点，答案D。  
  
Q3：we might expect  以及But in fact，这几个地方提示我们  “是有一个问题大家疑惑了，然后大家 
本来以为怎么样，但结果fact 却是另一回事”这种文章，接下来文章解释原因调和矛盾。所以选A ；  
  

Q4：定位到根据那几个明显的特殊名词  CO  NH3  IR216 什么东西定位到相关位置。A  明显有个only 
不行，C 与a mass equal to that of our entire Sun  相似，明显是个误导选项，D 同E 无中生有，B 的 
话IRC+10216 has apparently expelled, in the form of molecules and dust  ，看的出CO 和NH3 是排放 
物。正确答案B；  
  

Q5：最后一句中的full-fledged planetary nebula ，long familiar to optical astronomers.  按照题干说宇 
航员最看重哪一种，直接读了最后一段选A 就可以，不放心还可以回上面验证一下，通过6M 这个 
明显的字眼找到那句话，Theoretical models as well as    
statistics on supernovas and planetary nebulas ……可以了。  

  

  
On turning 65 years old, everyone living in the town of    
Malton becomes eligible to receive a card that    
guarantees discounts on most goods and services sold    
in the town. Census records for 1990 show that 2,    
450 inhabitants of Malton turned 64 in that year. Yet .    
in 1991 over 3,000 people applied for and properly    
received discount cards. So clearly some of Malton's    
population growth between 1990 and 1992 must be    
attributable to migration into the city by people in    

                                          本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                    6  

----------------------- Page 7-----------------------

                                                                                         www.sharewithu.com  

their mid -60's    
Which of the following is an assumption on which the    
argument depends?    
(A) The town of Malton has no complete census    
records for 1991.    
(B) The overall size of the population of Malton grew    
by over 500 during 1990.    
(C) Fewer people applied for and received discount    
cards in 1991 than did so in 1992.    
(D) Among the people 65 years old or older who    
moved into Malton in 1991. there was no one    
who did not apply for a discount card .    
(E) In general. people who applied for and received    
discount cards in 1991 first became eligible to do    
so in that year  
  
One of the questions of interest in the study of the    
evolution of spiders is whether the weaving of orb webs    
evolved only once or several times. About half the    
35,000 known kinds of spiders make webs; a third of the    
web weavers make orb webs. Since most orb weavers    
belong either to the Araneidae or the Uloboridae    
families, the origin of the orb web can be determined    
only by ascertaining whether the families are related.    
Recent taxonomic analysis of individuals from both    
families indicates that the families evolved from different    
ancestors, thereby contradicting Wiehle‘s theory. This    
theory postulates that the families must be related, based    
on the assumption that complex behavior, such as web    
building, could evolve only once. According to Kullman,    
web structure is the only characteristic that suggests a    
relationship between families. The families differ in    
appearance, structure of body hair, and arrangement    
of eyes. Only Uloborids lack venom glands. Further    
identification and study of characteristic features will    
undoubtedly answer the question of the evolution of    
the orb web. (172 words)    
  
  
8. The primary purpose of the passage is to    
(A) settle the question of whether orb webs evolved    
once or more than once    
(B) describe scientific speculation concerning an    
issue related to the evolution of orb webs    
(C) analyze the differences between the character-    
istic features of spiders in the Araneidae and    

                                                      本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                   7  

----------------------- Page 8-----------------------

                                                                                         www.sharewithu.com  

Uloboridae families    
(D) question the methods used by earlier investiga-    
tors of the habits of spiders    
(E) demonstrate that Araneidae spiders are not    
related to Uloboridae spiders    
  
For the following question, consider each of the    
choices separately and select all that apply    
9. According to the passage, members of the Araneidae    
family can be distinguished from members of the    
Uloboridae family by all of the following    
  
A the presence of venom glands    
B the structure of their body hair    
C the arrangement of their eyes    
  
10. Which of the following statements, if true, most    
weakens Wiehle‘s theory that complex behavior    
could evolve only once?    
(A) Horses, introduced to the New World by the    
Spaniards, thrived under diverse climatic    
conditions.    
(B) Plants of the Palmaceae family, descendants of    
a common ancestor, evolved unique seed    
forms even though the plants occupy similar    
habitats throughout the world.    
(C) All mammals are descended from a small,    
rodentlike animal whose physical characteris-    
tics in some form are found in all its descen-    
dants.    
(D) Plants in the Cactaceae and Euphorbiaceae    
families, although they often look alike and    
have developed similar mechanisms to meet    
the rigors of the desert, evolved indepen-    
dently.    
(E) The Cuban anole, which was recently intro-    
duced in the Florida wilds, is quickly    
replacing the native Florida chameleon    
because the anole has no competitors.  

  

Q7：这文章说本地2450 人91 年到65 岁，却有3000 多人申请那个什么卡，所以说多出来申请的是 
移民。那么他假设：大家一到年龄就申请这个卡，而不会拖到几年申请，如果能拖多几年，那么3000 
多人中可能有些本地居民66 67 岁才来申请。  
  
Q8：文章第一句是说有个问题怎么怎么样，最后一句说问题还没有解答。所以A 应为误导选项。Recent  
taxonomic analysis …… thereby contradicting Wiehle‘s theory 应该看得出文章就讲一个新发现会与旧 

                                                      本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                   8  

----------------------- Page 9-----------------------

                                                                                     www.sharewithu.com  

的学说矛盾。所以应该选B，taxonomic analysis  对应scientific speculation  
  

Q9   ：The families differ in    
appearance, structure of body hair, and arrangement    

of eyes. Only Uloborids lack venom glands.  应该就能分辨吧。  
  
Q10：找到assumption 前一句This theory postulates that the families must be related ，不难看出答案 
中有个independently，反义。也就是说文章认为两个family 有关联，但是这个答案中两个相似的种 
群却独立进化。  

                                                  本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                              9  
