----------------------- Page 1-----------------------

                                                                                        www.sharewithu.com  

                                                        Exercise 25    

Since 1953, many experimental attempts to synthesize    
the chemical constituents of life under "primitive Earth    
conditions" have demonstrated that a variety of the    
complex molecules currently making up living organisms    
could have been present in the early ocean and atmosphere,    
with only one limitation: such molecules are synthesized    
far less readily when oxygen-containing compounds    
dominate the atmosphere. Therefore some scientists    
postulate that the Earth's earliest atmosphere, unlike that of    
today, was dominated by hydrogen, methane, and ammonia.    
From these studies, scientists have concluded that the    
surface of the primitive Earth was covered with oceans    
containing the molecules fundamental to life. Although, at    
present, scientists cannot explain how these relatively small    
molecules combined to produce larger, more complex    
molecules, some scientists have precipitously ventured    
hypotheses that attempt to explain the development, from    
lager molecules, of the earliest self-duplicating organisms.    
(138 words)    
  
  
1. According to the passage, which of the following    
can be inferred about the process by which the    
chemical constituents of life were synthesized under    
primitive Earth conditions?    
(A) The synthesis is unlikely to occur under current    
atmospheric conditions    
(B) The synthesis is common in modern laboratories.    
(C)The synthesis occurs more readily in the    
atmosphere than in the ocean.    
(D)The synthesis easily produces the most complex    
organic molecules.    
(E)The synthesis is accelerated by the presence of    
oxygen-containing compounds.    
  
2.It can be inferred from the passage that "some scien-    
tists" assume which of the following concerning "    
larger, more complex molecules"    
(A) The earliest atmosphere was forward primarily    
of these molecules.    
(B) Chemical processes involving these molecules    
proceeded much more slowly under primitive    
Earth conditions.    
(C) The presence of these molecules would necessarily    

                                                     本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                  1  

----------------------- Page 2-----------------------

                                                                            www.sharewithu.com  

precede the existence of simple organisms.    
(D) Experimental techniques will never be sufficiently    
sophisticated to produce in the laboratory simple    
organisms from these chemical constituents.    
(E) Explanations could easily be developed to    
explain how simple molecules combined to    
form these more complex ones.  

  

阅读1：  参考翻译：  
1953 年以来，科学家们做了大量实验尝试在“原始地球条件下”合成生命的化学成分，但是，没有任 
何一项实验能制造出哪怕最简单生物体的复杂成分。虽然如此，他们还是证明了当前构成生物体的 
复杂分子能够存在于早期的海洋和大气中，只是有一个局限：当含氧化合物在大气中居主导的情况 
下，一些元素的合成极不容易。因此，一些科学家们假定远古大气层不像今天这样，而是由氢气， 
甲烷和氨气组成。  
从这些研究中，科学家们得出结论：远古地球表面被含有生命所需基本物质的海洋所覆盖。虽然， 
 目前科学家们还不能解释相对较小的分子如何结合起来产生出一些相对较大较复杂的分子，一些科 
学家们仍然迫不及待的提出了一种假说，试图解释最早的那些自我繁殖的生物体是如何从这些较大 
分子发展而来的。  
  

Q1：下面哪句能从原始地球条件下，构成生命的化学成分的合成过程中推断出来？  
解析：A  正确。此种合成不大可能存在于当前大气条件下。定位至文中line 7- 8，以氧为主的大气 
中不可能实现。  
B  此种合成在现代实验室中很常见。  无  
C  此种合成更易存在于大气中胜过海洋。  无比较。  
D  此种合成易于产生最复杂分子。  most  推不出。  
E  氧化物的存在能加速此种合成。  无。  
  
Q2：对于“较大较复杂的分子”，有些科学家设想了哪一点：  
解析：A  最早的大气主要有这些分子组成。  推不出。  
B  产生这些分子的化学过程在原始条件下演化很慢。  无。  
C  正确。  这些分子的存在会推动简单生物的产生。末尾句：一些科学家们仍然迫不及待的提出了一 
种假说，试图解释最早的那些自我繁殖的生物体是如何从这些较大分子发展而来的。这些人显然持 
该选项观点。  
D  实验室研究永远不可能从这些化合物中造出简单生物来。never 太过分，知识现在没有解决。  
E  很容易解释简单分子如何合在一起构成这样的复杂分子。  现在还不能解释。            
  
It is frequently assumed that the mechanization of work    
has a revolutionary effect on the lives of the people who    
operate the new machines and on the society into which the    
machines have been introduced. For example, it has been    
suggested that the employment of women in industry took    
them out of the household, their traditional sphere, and    
fundamentally altered their position in society. In the    
nineteenth century, when women began to enter factories,    
Jules Simon, a French politician, warned that by doing so,    
women would give up their femininity. Friedrich Engels,    

                                         本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                  2  

----------------------- Page 3-----------------------

                                                                                      www.sharewithu.com  

however, predicted that women would be liberated from the    
"social, legal, and economic subordination" of the family by    
technological developments that made possible the    
recruitment of "the whole female sex into public industry."    
Observers thus differed concerning the social desirability of    
mechanization's effects, but they agreed that it would    
transform women's lives.    
Historians, particularly those investigating the history    
of women, now seriously question this assumption of    
transforming power. They conclude that such dramatic    
technological innovations as the spinning jenny, the sewing    
machine, the typewriter, and the vacuum cleaner have not    
resulted in equally dramatic social changes in women's    
economic position or in the prevailing evaluation of    
women's work. The employment of young women in textile    
mills during the Industrial Revolution was largely an    
extension of an older pattern of employment of young,    
single women as domestics. It was not the change in office    
technology, but rather the separation of secretarial work,    
previously seen as an apprenticeship for beginning    
managers, from administrative work that in the 1880's    
created a new class of "dead-end" jobs, thenceforth    
considered "women's work." The increase in the numbers    
of married women employed outside the home in the    
twentieth century had less to do with the mechanization of    
housework and an increase in leisure time for these women    
than it did with their own economic necessity and with high    
marriage rates that shrank the available pool of single    
women workers, previously, in many cases, the only    
women employers would hire.    
Women's work has changed considerably in the past    
200 years, moving from the household to the office or the    
factory, and later becoming mostly white-collar instead of    
blue-collar work. Fundamentally, however, the conditions    
under which women work have changed little since before    
the Industrial Revolution: the segregation of occupations by    
gender, lower pay for women as a group, jobs that require    
relatively low levels of skill and offer women little    
opportunity for advancement all persist, while women's    
household labor remains demanding. Recent historical    
investigation has led to a major revision of the notion that    
technology is always inherently revolutionary in its effects    
on society. Mechanization may even have slowed any    
change in the traditional position of women both in the    
labor market and in the home.  
  

                                                   本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                               3  

----------------------- Page 4-----------------------

                                                                                        www.sharewithu.com  

3.Which of the following statements best summarizes    
the main idea of the passage?    
(A) The effects of the mechanization of women's    
work have not borne out the frequently held    
assumption that new technology is inherently    
revolutionary.    
(B) Recent studies have shown that mechanization    
revolutionizes a society's traditional values    
and the customary roles of its members.    
(C) Mechanization has caused the nature of    
women's work to change since the Industrial    
Revolution.    
(D) The mechanization of work creates whole new    
classes of jobs that did not previously exist.    
(E) The mechanization of women's work, while    
extremely revolutionary it its effects, has not,    
on the whole, had the deleterious effects that    
some critics had feared.    
  
4.It can be inferred front the passage that the author    
would consider which of the following to be an indi-    
cation of a fundamental alteration in the conditions    
of women's work?    
(A) Statistics showing that the majority of women    
now occupy white-collar positions    
(B) Interviews with married men indicating that    
they are now doing some household tasks    
(C) Surveys of the labor market documenting the    
recent creation of a new class of jobs in electronics    
in which women workers outnumber men four to    
one    
(D) Census results showing that working women's    
wages and salaries are, on the average, as high as    
those of working men    
(E) Enrollment figures from universities demonstrating    
that increasing numbers of young women are    
choosing to continue their education beyond the    
undergraduate level    
  
For the following question, consider each of the    
choices separately and select all that apply    
5. Which of the following statement about many    
employers before the twentieth century are NOT    
implied in the passage?    
  
A They did not employ women in factories.    

                                                      本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                  4  

----------------------- Page 5-----------------------

                                                                                           www.sharewithu.com  

B They tended to employ single rather than married    
women.    
C They hired women only when qualified men    
were not available to fill the open positions.    
  
6.Which of the following best describes the function of    
the concluding sentence of the passage?    
(A) It sums up the general points concerning the    
mechanization of work made in the passage    
as a whole.    
(B) It draws a conclusion concerning the effects    
of the mechanization of work which goes    
beyond the evidence presented in the passage    
as a whole.    
(C) It restates the point concerning technology    
made in the sentence immediately preceding it.    
(D) It qualifies the author's agreement with scholars    
who argue for a major revision in the assess    
ment of the impact of mechanization on society    
(E) It suggests a compromise between two seemingly    
contradictory views concerning the effects    
of mechanization on society.    
  

                                                                                                                                                

                                                                                                                                                

                                                         本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                      5  

----------------------- Page 6-----------------------

                                                                                            www.sharewithu.com  

                                                                                                                                                    

文章结构：新旧观点型  
  
第一段，首句，it is frequently assumed that   旧观点典型句。解释例证旧观点。最后一句，再次总结 
旧观点，mechanization of work 好，对society 好，对women 好；  
  

第二段，第二句，提出新观点，technological innovations 并没有改变women 的position 和work 性 
质。例证之；  
  

第三段，继续肯定新观点，因为，however, the conditions have changed little:  一系列的conditions.  倒 
数第二句，re-summary 新观点，新技术不总是对society 有革命性effects;  最后一句，even have slowed,  
在新观点基础上更进一步，提出，前者甚至slow 了后者的change.  
  

Q3  主题题，根据新观点，找mechanization work 和women,定位A,E；E 明显错误，选A;  
  

Q4  定位第三段的那一系列condition,   比照一下选项，选D;  
  
Q5  根据the twentieth century,  定位到第二段的尾巴部分，had less to do with than with,  说明20c 
前，employer employ 女性，且是single women.  
A 错，B 对，C 未提，选AC;  
  
Q6  

                                                                                                                                                    
  
  
  

                                                          本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                        6  

----------------------- Page 7-----------------------

                                                                                       www.sharewithu.com  

Over the last 40 years there has been a great increase not    
only in the number of agricultural pesticides in use but also    
in the care and sophistication with which they are used by    
farmers. Nevertheless, the proportion of agricultural crops    
lost to certain pests worldwide has increased over the same    
period, even when the pests concerned have not developed    
resistance to existing pesticides.    
  
7. Which of the following, if true. best explains how    
improvements in pesticide use have been    
accompanied by greater losses to certain pests?    
(A) Some dangerous but relatively ineffective    
pesticides common 40 years ago are no longer in    
widespread use.    
(B) As pesticides have become increasingly pest-    
specific, controlling certain pests with pesticides    
has turned out to cost more in many cases than    
the value of crop losses caused by those pests.    
(C) Because today's pesticides typically have more    
specific application conditions than did    
pesticides in use 40 years ago, today's farmers    
observe their fields more closely than did farmers    
40 years ago.    
(D) Certain pest-control methods that some farmers    
use today do not involve the use of chemical    
pesticides but are just as effective in eliminating    
insect pests as those that do.    
(E) Forty years ago, much less was known about the    
effects of pesticides on humans and other    
mammalian species than is now known  
  
  
Q7：  
开头应该是说杀虫剂的数量变多了，但随之而来的农民在想到底用哪个的这种考虑也增加了！    
害虫多，吃庄稼要花钱；但是使用杀虫剂也要花钱；如果不划算，农民就不愿意用了！  
就是这样的一个关系。正确答案C；  
  
Researchers are finding that in many ways an individual    
bacterium is more analogous to a component cell of a    
multicellular organism than it is to a free-living,    
autonomous organism. Anabaena, a freshwater bacteria is a    
case in point. Among photosynthetic bacteria, Anabaena is    
unusual: it is capable of both photosynthesis and nitrogen    
fixation. Within a single cell, these two biochemical    
processes are incompatible: oxygen produced during    
photosynthesis, inactivates the nitrogenase required for    

                                                     本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                 7  

----------------------- Page 8-----------------------

                                                                                         www.sharewithu.com  

nitrogen fixation. In Anabaena communities, however,    
these processes can coexist. When fixed nitrogen    
compounds are abundant, Anabaena is strictly    
photosynthetic and its cells are all alike. When nitrogen    
levels are low, however, specialized cells called heterocysts    
are produced which lack chlorophyll (necessary for    
photosynthesis) but which can fix nitrogen by converting    
nitrogen gas into a usable form. Submicroscopic channels    
develop which connect the heterocyst cells with the    
photosynthetic ones and which are used for transferring    
cellular products between the two kinds of Anabaena cells.    
(156 words)    
  
8.It can be inferred from the passage that cell differen-    
tiation within Anabaena is regulated by the    
(A) amount of oxygen Anabaena cells produce    
(B) season of the year    
(C) amount of fixed nitrogen compounds available    
(D) number of microscopic channels uniting    
Anabaena cells    
(E) amount of chlorophyll in Anabaena cells    
  
9.The author uses the example of Anabaena to illustrate    
the    
(A) uniqueness of bacteria among unicellular organ-    
isms    
(B) inadequacy of an existing view of bacteria    
(C) ability of unicellular organisms to engage in    
photosynthesis    
(D) variability of a freshwater bacteria    
(E) difficulty of investigating even the simplest    
unicellular organisms  
  
Scholars often fail to see that music played an important    
role in the preservation of African culture in the United States.    
They correctly note that slavery stripped some cultural    
elements from Black people-their political and economic    
systems-but they underestimate the significance of music in    
sustaining other African cultural values. African music, unlike    
the music of some other cultures, was based on a total vision    
of life in which music was not an isolated social domain. In    
African culture music was pervasive, serving not only religion,    
but all phases of life, including birth, death, work, and play.    
Music, like art in general, was so inextricably a part of African    
culture that it became a crucial means of preserving the    
culture during and after the dislocations of slavery.    

                                                       本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                    8  

----------------------- Page 9-----------------------

                                                                                   www.sharewithu.com  

(126 words)    
  
  
10. In the argument given , the two highlighted portions    
play which of the following roles?    
○A The first sentence introduces the topic of the    
passage and the last one summarizes the passage.    
○B The first sentence presents a thesis and the last one    
further develops the thesis.    
○C The first sentence summarizes the main idea of the    
passage and the last one paraphrases it literally.    
○D The first sentence presents a context for the    
discussion of the passage and the last one    
summarizes the discussion.    
○E The first sentence presents the negative thesis of the    
passage and the last one presents the positive thesis.  

  

阅读1：  参考翻译：  
研究者正在许多方面发现，细菌更类似于一种多细胞有机体的组成细胞而不是一种独立的有机体细 
胞。Anabaena，这种淡水藻菌类就恰是这样的例子。在促进光合作用的细菌中，Anabaena 很不寻 
常：它既能促进光合作用又能固氮。在单细胞中，这两个生化过程是不可能同时存在的，因为光合 
作用所产生的氧阻止了固氮作用中固氮酶的作用。然而，在Anabaena 菌落中，这种过程却可以共 
存。当固氮化合物丰富的时候，Anabaena 确实是促进光合作用的，它们的细胞也都相似。但当氮素 
含量低时，就会产生一种被称为异形细胞的特殊细胞，这种细胞缺乏叶绿素ll，但却可以通过将氮 
气转移为可吸收形式来进行固氮。形成的亚显微通道连接了异形细胞与促进光合作用的细胞，并在 
两类Anabaena 细胞中传递细胞产物。  
  
I.  文章结构  
  

首句，TS, individual bacterium  更像多细胞生物的一个component cell.  
  

其余部分，以Anabaena 例证之。  
  

Q8  定位In Anabaena communities, however, these processes can coexist. When fixed nitrogen  
compounds are abundant... When nitrogen levels are low...  显然，细胞的不同是由于nitrogen level 的 
不同，选C;  
  

Q9  举例的作用是为了？Anabaena, a freshwater bacteria is a case in point.  全文都是在说Anabaena 
的不寻常，所以看到uniqueness 就没错了！选A  
  
阅读2：  参考翻译：  
学者们经常无从认识到，在美国，音乐在非洲文化的保存中曾发挥了至为重要的作用。虽然这些学 
者不无道理地指出，奴隶制从黑人身上剥夺了某些文化因素——他们的政治与经济体制，但学者们 
没能充分估计到音乐在维系其它非洲文化价值方面的重要  性。与某些其它文化的音乐所不同，非洲 
音乐以对人生的全部理解为其基础，这其中，  音乐并非是一种孤立的社会范畴。在非洲文化中，音 
乐无所不在，充斥着一切，不仅仅有服务于宗教，而且服务于生活的所有方面，包括生老病死，工 

                                                本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                           9  

----------------------- Page 10-----------------------

                                                                               www.sharewithu.com  

作与娱乐。一个社会所:  创造出来藉以使其自身生生不息、恒久不衰的方法得以形成产生，以保存 
在这个社会看来具有本质意义的文化遗产的各个方面。音乐，犹如一般意义上的艺术一样，构成了 
非洲文化中如此不可分割的一个部分，以至于它在奴隶制的解体过程中以及在奴隶制解体  之后，变 
成了保存文化的至关重要的手段。  
  
Q10：negative thesis 和positive thesis，就是从负面和正面两方面说。都是main idea，选E  
  

                                                                 文中涉及到结构的分析来自  JudyHan817  

                                            本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                     10  
