----------------------- Page 1-----------------------

                                                                                     www.sharewithu.com  

                                                      Exercise 32    

The recent change to all-volunteer armed forces in the    
United States will eventually produce a gradual increase in    
the proportion of women in the armed forces and in the    
variety of women‘s assignments, but probably not the    
dramatic gains for women that might have been expected.    
This is so even though the armed forces operate in an ethos    
of institutional change oriented toward occupational    
equality and under the federal sanction of equal pay for    
equal work. The difficulty is that women are unlikely to be    
trained for any direct combat operations; a significant    
portion of the larger society remains uncomfortable as yet    
with extending equality in this direction. Therefore, for    
women in the military, the search for equality will still be    
based on functional equivalence, not identity or even    
similarity of task. (132 words)    
  
For the following question, consider each of the    
choices separately and select all that apply    
1. The passage implies that which of the following is a    
factor conducive to a more equitable representation    
of women in the United States armed forces than    
has existed in the past?    
  
A The all-volunteer character of the present    
armed forces    
B The past service records of women who had    
assignments functionally equivalent to men‘s    
assignments    
C Restrictive past policies governing the military    
assignments open to women    
  
  

阅读1 ：参考翻译：  

美国全志愿役武装力量的最近变化将使妇女在军队中的比例和承担任务的种类有所上升，但发展速度可 

能丌及妇女们所预期的那么显著。即使军队的运行机制正向着职业平等方向转变而且受到同工同酬的联 

邦法律约束也是如此。这里的问题在于丌太可能训练妇女执行直接的战斗任务，社会上的众多人士至今 

也还无法接受用这种方式来扩大平等。所以女军人所谋求的平等将依然是建立在权责对等基础上的平等， 

而丌可能是任务同一甚至相似的平等。  

  

Q1 ：定位至文中  The recent change to all-volunteer armed forces in the United States will    

eventually produce a gradual increase in the proportion of women in the armed    

forces and in the variety of women‗s assignments  所以答案A。    

                                                   本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                               1  

----------------------- Page 2-----------------------

                                                                                      www.sharewithu.com  

注意：C 选项的在文中只是the federal sanction of equal pay for equal work ，而丌是governing  

the military    

  

About a century ago, the Swedish physical scientist    
Arrhenius proposed a law of classical chemistry that relates    
chemical reaction rate to temperature. According to the    
Arrhenius equation, chemical reaction are increasingly    
unlikely to occur as temperatures approach absolute zero,    
and at absolute zero (zero degrees Kelvin, or minus 273    
degrees Celsius) reactions stop. However, recent    
experimental evidence reveals that although the Arrhenius    
equation is generally accurate in describing the kind of    
chemical reaction that occurs at relatively high    
temperatures, at temperatures closer to zero a quantum-    
mechanical effect known as tunneling comes into play; this    
effect accounts for chemical reactions that are forbidden by    
the principles of classical chemistry. Specifically, entire    
molecules can "tunnel" through the barriers of repulsive    
forces from other molecules and chemically react even    
though these molecules do not have sufficient energy,    
according to classical chemistry, to overcome the repulsive    
barrier.    
The rate of any chemical reaction, regardless of the    
temperature at which it takes place, usually depends on a    
very important characteristic known as its activation energy.    
Any molecule can be imagined to reside at the bottom of a    
so-called potential well of energy. A chemical reaction    
corresponds to the transition of a molecule from the bottom    
of one potential well to the bottom of another. In classical    
chemistry, such a transition can be accomplished only by    
going over the potential barrier between the wells, the    
height of which remains constant and is called the    
activation energy of the reaction. In tunneling, the reacting    
molecules tunnel from the bottom of one to the bottom of    
another well without having to rise over the barrier between    
the two wells. Recently researchers have developed the    
concept of tunneling temperature: the temperature below    
which tunneling transitions greatly outnumber Arrhenius    
transitions, and classical mechanics gives way to its    
quantum counterpart.    
This tunneling phenomenon at very low temperatures    
suggested my hypothesis about a cold prehistory of life: the    
formation of rather complex organic molecules in the deep    
cold of outer space, where temperatures usually reach only    
a few degrees Kelvin. Cosmic rays (high-energy protons    

                                                    本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                2  

----------------------- Page 3-----------------------

                                                                                          www.sharewithu.com  

and other particles) might trigger the synthesis of simple    
molecules, such as interstellar formaldehyde, in dark clouds    
of interstellar dust. Afterward complex organic molecules    
would be formed, slowly but surely, by means of tunneling.    
After I offered my hypothesis, Hoyle and Wickramasinghe    
argued that molecules of interstellar formaldehyde have    
indeed evolved into stable polysaccharides such as    
cellulose and starch. Their conclusions, although strongly    
disputed, have generated excitement among investigators    
such as myself who are proposing that the galactic clouds    
are the places where the prebiological evolution of    
compounds necessary to life occurred.    
  
  
2.According to the passage, classical chemical reactions and    
tunneling reactions are alike in which of the following    
ways?    
(A) In both types of reactions, reacting molecules have to rise    
over the barrier between the two wells.    
(B) In both types of reactions, a transition is made from    
the bottom of one potential well to the bottom of    
another.    
(C) In neither type of reaction does the height of the    
barrier between the wells remain constant.    
(D) In neither type of reaction does the rate of a chemical    
reaction depend on its activation energy.    
(E) In both types of reactions, reacting molecules are able    
to go through the barrier between the two wells.    
  
3.The author's hypothesis concerning the cold prehistory    
of life would be most weakened if which of the following    
were true?    
(A)Cosmic rays are unlikely to trigger the formation of    
simple molecules.    
(B)Tunneling occurs only in a narrow band of    
temperatures around zero degrees Kelvin.    
(C)The synthesis of interstellar formaldehyde can be    
activated by means other than cosmic rays.    
(D)Simple molecules can be synthesized by means of    
tunneling.    
(E)Classical chemical reactions do not occur at    
temperatures close to absolute zero.    
  
  
4.Which of the following best describes the hypothesis    
of Hoyle and Wickramasinghe as it is presented in the    

                                                        本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                     3  

----------------------- Page 4-----------------------

                                                                                        www.sharewithu.com  

passage?    
(A) Cosmic rays can directly synthesize complex    
organic molecules.    
(B) The galactic clouds are the places where prebio-    
logical evolution of compounds necessary to life    
occurred.    
(C) Interstellar formaldehyde can be synthesized by    
tunneling.    
(D) Molecules of interstellar formaldehyde can evolve    
into complex organic molecules.    
(E) Complex organic molecules can be synthesized    
from stable polysaccharides such as cellulose and    
starch.    
  
5.Which of the following best describes the organization    
of the first two paragraphs of the passage?    
(A) The author cites a basic principle of classical    
chemistry and then describes the research from    
which that principle was developed.    
(B) The author cites an apparent contradiction to    
the principles of classical chemistry and then    
explains the process of a chemical reaction to    
show there is in fact no contradiction.    
(C) the author describes the role of heat in chemical    
reactions and then offers a detailed explanation    
of its function.    
(D) The author presents a law of classical chemistry in    
order to introduce a kind of chemical reaction    
that differs from it and then explains the essential    
difference between the two.    
(E) The author presents the fundamental rules of classical    
chemistry in order to introduce an explanation of a    
specific chemical reaction.    
  

Q2.  定位至文中A chemical reaction corresponds to the transition of a molecule from the  

bottom of one potential well to the bottom of another In tunneling, the reacting molecules  

tunnel from the bottom of one to the bottom of another well  所以正确答案：B ；    

Q3. Cosmic rays (high-energy protons and other particles) might trigger the    

synthesis ；A 是针对这个环节的取非。    

  

Q4. Hoyle and Wickramasinghe argued that molecules of interstellar formaldehyde    

have indeed evolved into stable polysaccharides such as cellulose and starch    

E 为干扰选项，谁形成谁的关系搞反了，答案D ；    

Q5.  第一段先说了老的定律，然后第二段给了新的反例，答案D ；  

  

                                                     本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                  4  

----------------------- Page 5-----------------------

                                                                                         www.sharewithu.com  

One explanation for the tendency of animals to be more    
vigilant in smaller groups than in larger ones assumes that the    
vigilant behavior—looking up, for example—is aimed at    
predators. If individuals on the edge of a group are more vigilant    
because they are at greater risk of being captured, then    
individuals on average would have to be more vigilant in    
smaller groups, because the animals on the periphery of a group    
form a greater proportion of the whole group as the size of the    
group diminishes.    
However, a different explanation is necessary in cases where    
the vigilant behavior is not directed at predators. J. Krebs has    
discovered that great blue herons look up more often when in    
smaller flocks than when in larger ones, solely as a consequence    
of poor feeding conditions. Krebs hypothesizes that the herons    
in smaller flocks are watching for herons that they might follow    
to better feeding pools, which usually attract larger numbers of    
the birds. (162 words)    
  
  
6. It can be inferred from the passage that in species in    
which vigilant behavior is directed at predators, the    
tendency of the animals to be more vigilant in    
smaller groups than in larger ones would most likely    
be minimized if which of the following were true?    
(A) The vigilance of animals on the periphery of a group    
always exceeded that of animals located in its interior,    
even when predators were not in the area.    
(B) The risk of capture for individuals in a group was the    
same, whether they were located in the interior of the    
group or on its periphery.    
(C) Animals on the periphery of a group tended to be less    
capable of defending themselves from attack by predators    
than animals located in the interior of the group.    
(D) Animals on the periphery of a group tended to bear    
marks that were more distinctive to predators than    
animals located in the interior of the group.    
(E) Animals on the periphery of a group tended to have    
shorter life spans than animals located in the interior of the    
group.    
  
For the following question, consider each of the    
choices separately and select all that apply    
7.The passage provides information in support of    
which of the following assertions EXCEPT?    
A Similar behavior in different species of animals    
does not necessarily serve the same purpose.    

                                                      本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                   5  

----------------------- Page 6-----------------------

                                                                                        www.sharewithu.com  

B Vigilant behavior aimed at predators is seldom    
more beneficial to groups of animals than to    
individual animals.    
C The avoidance of predators is more important to    
an animal's survival than is the quest for food.    
  

阅读2 ：参考译文：  

                                                                                                                                                          

Q6 ：  

                                                                                                                                                          

Q7 ：  第一段和第二段的内容解释了A ，BC 没说；答案BC ；  

  

8. The painter Peter Brandon never dated his works, and    
their chronology is only now beginning to take shape    
in the critical literature. A recent dating of a Brandon    
self-portrait to 1930 is surely wrong. Brandon was 63    
years old in 1930, yet the painting shows a young,    
dark-haired man-obviously Brandon, but clearly not a    
man of 63.    
Which of the following, if justifiably assumed, allows    
the conclusion to be properly drawn?    
(A) There is no securely dated self-portrait of Brandon    

                                                      本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                  6  

----------------------- Page 7-----------------------

                                                                                         www.sharewithu.com  

that he painted when he was significantly younger    
than 63.    
(B) In refraining from dating his works, Brandon    
intended to steer critical discussion of them away    
from considerations of chronology.    
(C) Until recently, there was very little critical    
literature on the works of Brandon.    
(D) Brandon at age 63 would not have portrayed    
himself in a painting as he had looked when he    
was a young man.    
(E) Brandon painted several self-portraits that showed    
him as a man past the age of 60.    
  
This is not to deny that the Black gospel music of the    
early twentieth century differed in important ways from the    
slave spirituals. Whereas spirituals were created and    
disseminated in folk fashion, gospel music was composed,    
published, copyrighted, and sold by professionals.    
Nevertheless, improvisation remained central to gospel music.    
One has only to listen to the recorded repertoire of gospel    
songs to realize that Black gospel singers rarely sang a song    
precisely the same way twice and never according to its exact    
musical notation. They performed what jazz musicians call    
"head arrangements" proceeding from their own feelings and    
from the way "the spirit" moved them at the time. This    
improvisatory element was reflected in the manner in which    
gospel music was published. (122 words)    
  
9.The author mentions "folk fashion" most likely in order to    
(A) counter an assertion about the role of improvi-    
sation in music created by Black people    
(B) compare early gospel music with gospel music    
written later in the twentieth century    
(C) make a distinction between gospel music and    
slave spirituals    
(D) introduce a discussion about the dissemination of    
slave spirituals    
(E) describe a similarity between gospel music and    
slave spirituals    
  
10.Of the following sentences, which is most likely to    
have immediately preceded the passage?    
(A) Few composers of gospel music drew on traditions    
such as the spiritual in creating their songs.    
(B) Spirituals and Black gospel music were derived    
from the same musical tradition.    

                                                      本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                   7  

----------------------- Page 8-----------------------

                                                                                  www.sharewithu.com  

(C) The creation and singing of spirituals, practiced by    
Black Americans before the Civil War, continued    
after the war.    
(D) Spirituals and gospel music can be clearly    
distinguished from one another.    
(E) Improvisation was one of the primary characteristics    
of the gospel music created by Black musicians.  

  

阅读1 ：  

Q8 ：以下哪个假设成立，才能得出文中结论？  

文中依据：  

1. Brandon 在1930 年已经63 岁了。  

2.  画像是Brandon 年轻时的样子。  

结论：Brandon 的自画像丌是1930 年画的。  

所以，只有假设 “Brandon63岁时丌会画自己年轻时的样子”成立，才能推出结论。所以正确选项D。  

    

  

阅读2 ：参考翻译：  

Q9.  文章在做两者的比较，提出其中一种的特点，目的也还是为了比较；答案C ；    

B 选项无中生有的多了一个限定；    

  

Q10.  一直说丌同点，那么前一段正常来讲会说相同点，答案B ；  

  

  

                                                本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                           8  
