----------------------- Page 1-----------------------

                                                                                               www.sharewithu.com  

                                                                 Exercise 20    

  

Diamonds, an occasional component of rare igneous    
rocks called lamproites and kimberlites, have never been    
dated satisfactorily. However, some diamonds contain minute    
inclusions of silicate minerals, commonly olivine, pyroxene,    
and garnet. These minerals can be dated by radioactive decay    
techniques because of the very small quantities of    
radioactive trace elements they, in turn, contain. Usually, it is    
possible to conclude that the inclusions are older than their    
diamond hosts, but with little indication of the time interval    
involved. Sometimes, however, the crystal form of the    
silicate inclusions is observed to resemble more closely the    
internal structure of diamond than that of other silicate    
minerals. When present, the resemblance is regarded as    
compelling evidence that the diamonds and inclusions are    
truly cogenetic. (121 words)    
  
  
  
1. The author implies that silicate inclusions were most    
often formed    
(A) with small diamonds inside of them    
(B) with trace elements derived from their host    
minerals    
(C) by the radioactive decay of rare igneous rocks    
(D) at an earlier period than were their host    
minerals    
(E) from the crystallization of rare igneous material    
  
2. Select the sentence in the passage that indicates a way    
to determine the age of silicate minerals included in    
diamonds.    
  
  
  

阅读1：  
  
Q1：定位至原文，Usually, it is possible to conclude that the inclusions are older than their diamond  
hosts，  选D；  
  

Q2：由determine the age 定位至dated  ，   即文中These minerals can be dated by radioactive decay  
techniques because of the very small quantities of radioactive trace elements they, in turn, contain.  
  
  

                                                             本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                           1  

----------------------- Page 2-----------------------

                                                                                      www.sharewithu.com  

For some time scientists have believed that cholesterol    
plays a major role in heart disease because people with    
familial hypercholesterolemia, a genetic defect, have six to    
eight times the normal level of cholesterol in their blood and    
they invariably develop heart disease. These people lack    
cell-surface receptors for low-density lipoproteins (LDL‘s),    
which are the fundamental carriers of blood cholesterol to    
the body cells that use cholesterol. Without an adequate    
number of cell-surface receptors to remove LDL‘s from the    
blood, the cholesterol-carrying LDL‘s remain in the blood,    
increasing blood cholesterol levels. Scientists also noticed    
that people with familial hypercholesterolemia appear to    
produce more LDL‘s than normal individuals. How, scientists    
wondered, could a genetic mutation that causes a slow-down    
in the removal of LDL‘s from the blood also result in an    
increase in the synthesis of this cholesterol-carrying protein?    
Since scientists could not experiment on human body    
tissue, their knowledge of familial hyper- cholesterolemia    
was severely limited. However, a breakthrough came in the    
laboratories of Yoshio Watanabe of Kobe University in Japan    
in 1980. Watanabe noticed that a male rabbit in his colony    
had ten times the normal concentration of cholesterol in its    
blood. By appropriate breeding, Watanabe obtained a strain    
of rabbits that had very high cholesterol levels. These rabbits    
spontaneously developed heart disease. To his surprise,    
Watanabe further found that the rabbits, like humans with    
familial hypercholesterolemia, lacked LDL receptors. Thus,    
scientists could study these Watanabe rabbits to gain a better    
understanding of familial hyper-    
cholesterolemia in humans.    
Prior to the breakthrough at Kobe University, it was    
known that LDL‘s are secreted from the liver in the form of a    
precursor, called very low-density lipoproteins (VLDL‘s),    
which carry triglycerides as well as relatively small amounts    
of cholesterol. The triglycerides are removed from the    
VLDL‘s by fatty and other tissues. What remains is a remnant    
particle that must be removed from the blood. What scientists    
learned by studying the Watanabe rabbits is that the removal    
of the VLDL remnant requires the LDL receptor. Normally,    
the majority of the VLDL remnants go to the liver where they    
bind to LDL receptors and are degraded. In the Watanabe    
rabbit, due to a lack of LDL receptors on liver cells, the    
VLDL remnants remain in the blood and are eventually    
converted to LDL‘s. The LDL receptors thus have a dual    
effect in controlling LDL levels. They are necessary to    
prevent oversynthesis of LDL‘s from VLDL remnants and    

                                                    本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                2  

----------------------- Page 3-----------------------

                                                                                           www.sharewithu.com  

they are necessary for the normal removal of LDL‘s from the    
blood. With this knowledge, scientists are now well on the    
way toward developing drugs that dramatically lower    
cholesterol levels in people afflicted with certain forms of    
familial hypercholesterolemia.    
  
3. In the passage, the author is primarily concerned with    
(A) presenting a hypothesis and describing    
compelling evidence in support of it    
(B) raising a question and describing an important    
discovery that led to an answer    
(C) showing that a certain genetically caused    
disease can be treated effectively with drugs    
(D) explaining what causes the genetic mutation    
that leads to heart disease    
(E) discussing the importance of research on    
animals for the study of human disease    
  
For the following question, consider each of the    
choices separately and select all that apply    
4. The passage supplies information to answer which    
of the following questions EXCEPT?    
  
A Which body cells are the primary users of    
cholesterol?    
B How did scientists discover that LDL‘s are    
secreted from the liver in the form of a precursor?    
C Where in the body are VLDL remnants    
degraded?    
  
  
5. The  passage implies that if the Watanabe rabbits    
had had as many LDL receptors on their livers as    
do normal rabbits, the Watanabe rabbits would    
have been    
(A) less likely than normal rabbits to develop heart    
disease    
(B) less likely than normal rabbits to develop high    
concentrations of cholesterol in their blood    
(C) less useful than they actually were to scientists    
in the study of familial hypercholesterolemia    
in humans    
(D) unable to secrete VLDL‘s from their livers    
(E) immune to drugs that lower cholesterol levels in    
people with certain forms of familial    
hypercholesterolemia    

                                                        本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                     3  

----------------------- Page 4-----------------------

                                                                          www.sharewithu.com  

  
6. The passage implies that Watanabe rabbits differ    
from normal rabbits in which of the following ways?    
(A) Watanabe rabbits have more LDL receptors    
than do normal rabbits.    
(B) The blood of Watanabe rabbits contains more    
VLDL remnants than does the blood of    
normal rabbits.    
(C) Watanabe rabbits have fewer fatty tissues than    
do normal rabbits.    
(D) Watanabe rabbits secrete lower levels of    
VLDL‘s than do normal rabbits.    
(E) The blood of Watanabe rabbits contains fewer    
LDL‘s than does the blood of normal    
rabbits.  
  

迄今为止已有相当一段时间，科学家们相信胆固醇（cholesterol ）在诱发心脏病这方面起着甚为重 
要的作用，因为带有家族性高胆固醇血症（familialhypercholesterolemia ）——一种基因缺陷——的 
人，其体内的胆固醇含量是正常含量的六至八倍，而这些人毫无例外地患有心脏病。他们缺乏低密 
度脂蛋白（low-density  lipoproteins，简称LDL's）的细胞表面受体（cell-surface  receptors ），而低密 
度脂蛋白则是血胆固醇的基本载体，将血胆固醇转送至需要使用胆固醇的人体细胞。如果没有充分 
数量的细胞表面受体将LDL's 从血液中去除掉，则携带LDL's 的胆固醇会留在血液中，从而增加胆固 
醇的含量。此外，科学家们还注意到，患有家族性高胆固醇血症的人所产生的 LDL's  似乎要高于常 
人。科学家感到纳闷，致使LDL's 从血液中被去除掉的速度趋于滞缓的基因突变（genetic mutation ）， 
何以也会导致这种携带着胆固醇的蛋白质合成的增加呢？  
      由于科学家无法对人体组织进行实验，因此，他们有关家族性高胆固醇血症的知识严重不足。 
然而，在1980 年，在日本神户大学（Kobe  University ）渡边吉雄（Yoshio  Watanabe ）的实验室里， 
研究取得了突破性进展。渡边君注意到，在他养殖的鼠群中，有一只雄性老鼠在其血液中所带的胆 
固醇含量是正常含量的十倍。通过恰当的繁殖，渡边君获得了一类拥有极高胆固醇含量的老鼠。这 
些老鼠自发地患有心脏病。令其惊讶的是，渡边君进一步发现，这些老鼠如同患有家族性高胆固醇 
血症的人类那样，缺乏 LDL's  受体。因此，科学家们可以对这些渡氏老鼠进行研究，以获取一种对 
人体内部家族性高胆固醇血症的更好理解。  
      在神户大学的科研突破之前，科学家已经发现，LDL's 是一种前体（precursor）的形式从肝脏 
中分泌出来的，这一前体被称为极低密度脂蛋白（very low-densitylipoproteins，简称V LDL's ），并携 
带着甘油三酯（triglycerides ）以及相对少量的胆固醇。甘油三酯被脂肪和基它组织从V LDL's  中去除 
掉。所剩下的是一残留微粒，必须从血液中去除掉。通过对渡氏老鼠的研究，科学家所了解到的是， 
VLDL 残留物的去除需要 LDL 受体。正常情况下，绝大多数VLDL 残留物会来到肝脏，在这里与 LDL 
受体结合并降解。在渡氏老鼠身上，由于肝脏细胞上缺乏 LDL 受体，VLDL  残留物会滞留于血液中， 
并最终被转为LDL's。因此，LDL 受体具备一种控制LDL 含量的双重作用。对于防止LDL's 从VLDL 残 
留物中进行过分合成，LDL 受体起着必不可少的作用；而对于LDL's 从血液中正常的去除，LDL 受体 
亦起着不可或缺的作用。具备了这些知识，科学家现在早已开始着手研究药物，可戏剧性地减少那 
些患有某种形式的家族性高胆固醇血症的病人的胆固醇含量。  
  
Q3：文章的main idea？  
解析：提出一个问题：How, scientists wondered, could a genetic mutation that causes a slowdown in the  
removal of LDL‘s from the blood also result in an increase in the synthesis of this cholesterol-carrying  

                                       本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                4  

----------------------- Page 5-----------------------

                                                                                       www.sharewithu.com  

protein? ' {, O$ v) C( N3 J5 p t 描述进展：However, a breakthrough  came in the laboratories of Yoshio  
Watanabe of Kobe University in Japan in 1980.  正确答案B；  
  

Q4：以下哪个文章中没有提供answer ？  
Normally, the majority of the VLDL remnants go to the liver where they bind to LDL receptors and are  
degraded.  
所以C 有answer，选AB ；  
  
Q5：该题比较阴险，To his surprise, Watanabe further found that the rabbits, like humans with familial  
hypercholesterolemia, lacked LDL receptors. Thus, scientists could study these Watanabe rabbits to gain  

a better understanding of familial hypercholesterolemia in humans.  逆其道而推知，正确答案C；  
  

Q6：What scientists learned by studying the Watanabe rabbits is that the removal of the VLDL remnant  
requires the LDL receptor.  因为他们LDL 接收器少，所以它们血液中应该有更多的VLDL 剩余物  所以 
正确答案B。  
  
Discussion of the assimilation of Puerto Ricans in the    
United States has focused on two different factors: social    
standing and the loss of national culture, depending on    
whether the commentator is North American or Puerto Rican.    
Many North American social scientists consider Puerto    
Ricans as the most recent in a long line of ethnic entrants to    
occupy the lowest rung on the social ladder. Such a ―socio-    
demographic‖ approach tends to regard assimilation as a    
benign process. In contrast, the ―colonialist‖ approach of    
island-based writers tends to view assimilation as the forced    
loss of national culture in an unequal contest with imposed    
foreign values. There is, of course, a strong tradition of    
cultural accommodation among other Puerto Rican thinkers,    
like Eugenio Fernandez Mendez. But the Puerto Rican    
intellectuals who have written most about the assimilation    
process in the United States all advance cultural nationalist    
views, advocating the preservation of minority cultural    
distinctions and rejecting what they see as the subjugation of    
colonial nationalities. (162 words)    
  
7. It can be inferred from the passage that a writer such as    
Eugenio Fernandez Mendez would most likely agree with    
which of the following statements concerning members of    
minority ethnic groups?    
(A) It is necessary for the members of such groups    
to adapt to the culture of the majority.    
(B) The members of such groups generally encounter    
a culture that is static and undifferentiated.    
(C) Social mobility is the most important feature    
of the experience of members of such groups.    

                                                     本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                 5  

----------------------- Page 6-----------------------

                                                                         www.sharewithu.com  

(D) Social scientists should emphasize the cultural    
and political aspects of the experience of    
members of such groups.    
(E) The assimilation of members of such groups    
requires the forced abandonment of their    
authentic national roots.    
  
8. In the context in which it appears, "subjugation" in the    
last sentence most nearly means    
○A accommodation    
○B subjection    
○C assimilation    
○D incorporation    
○E defeatism  
  

阅读2：仍旧是老G 文章改写。  
  

先上背景知识！  
  

有关在美国的波多黎各人（Puerto  Ricans）的同化问题，这方面的探讨一直侧重于两个因素：社会 
地位以及民族文化的丧失。普遍而言，人们过分强调其中一个因素而偏废另一个因素，取决于评论 
者到底是北美人还是波多黎各人。许多北美的社会科学家，诸奥斯卡"汉德林（OscarHandlin ）、约瑟 
夫"菲茨帕特里克（JosephFitzpatrick ）、以及奥斯卡"刘易斯（Oscar  Lewis ），将波多黎各人视作一长 
串少数民族入境者中的最近一批，占据着社会阶梯中的最低梯级。这样一种“社会人口学”方法倾向 
于将同化视作一良性过程，将经济优势的增加以及在一个所谓平等的环境中不可避免的文化一体化 
视为理所当然。然而，这一研究方法没能考虑到波多黎各实例中的殖民地性质，因为，与其欧洲前 
辈移民们所不同的是，该群体来自一个在政治上隶属于美国的国家。即使是对这一主流研究模型的 
“激进”批评，诸如《分裂的社会》（Divided  Society）一书中所提出的那种批判，亦将少数民族同化 
问题过分机构地与经济和社会移动性的因素联系起来，因此无从阐明波多黎各人作为一个殖民地少 
数民族的文化从属关系。  
      与此相反，诸如爱德华"赛德—波尼拉（Eduardo Seda -Bonilla）、玛纽埃尔"马尔杜那多—丹尼 
斯（Manuel Maldonado-Denis），以及路易斯"尼维斯—法尔贡（LuisNieves-Falcon）等以波多黎各岛 
为基地的作家们所采用的“殖民论”方法，倾向于将同化视作民族文化的被迫丧失，因为民族文化处 
于一种与被强加的外来价值的不公平竞争之中。毋庸置疑，在其他波多黎各思想家之间，存在着一 
种强烈的文化融合的传统。尤金尼奥"菲尔南德兹"孟德兹（Eugenio Fernandez Mendez）的著作显然 
例证着这一传统，而许多波多黎各自治政体地位（commonwealth status ）的支持者亦分享着与此相 
同的世界化倾向。但是，那些对美国少数民族同化过程论述得最多的波多黎各知识分子无不提出某 
些文化民族主义观点，提倡保存少数民族文化的特色，摈弃他们心目中那种殖民地少数民族的屈从 
地位。  
      这种文化的和政治的强调不可谓不恰当，但殖民论思想家们矛头指向却失之偏颇，对波多黎 
各和北美历史中起着作用的阶级关系视而不见。他们将民族文化的碰撞设定为一种绝然的两极对立， 
每一种文化都被理解成静态和无差异的。然则，无论是波多黎各传统还是北美传统，均遭到来自其 
自己社会内诸文化力量的持续不断的挑战，这些力量可能会以某些方式相互趋近，而这些方式则绝 
不能被一概而论地描述成为纯粹的“同化” 。例如，不妨考虑一下波多黎各文化中土著的以及非洲— 
加勒比的传统，以及它们是如何影响其它加勒比文化和美国的黑人文化，并又是如何反被这些文化 
影响的。强制与不平等这两种因素——按殖民论思维模式是文化交流中如此之不可避免——在同一 

                                      本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                               6  

----------------------- Page 7-----------------------

                                                                                        www.sharewithu.com  

社会阶层内的这种不同的民族与种族因素的趋同过程中，根本不起任何作用。  
  

Q7：  
由EFM 定位至文章倒数第二句话，EFM 是other Puerto Rican thinkers 的代表，而普通   Puerto Rican  
thinkers   的想法是文章最后一句 But  the  Puerto  Rican  intellectuals  who  ...  as  the  subjugation  of  
colonial nationalities.  将该句取反可得，正确答案A ；  
  

Q8：  
subjugation  征服，  选B。  
  
9. When cut, the synthetic material fiberglass, like asbestos,    
releases microscopic fibers into the air. It is known that    
people who inhale asbestos, fibers suffer impairment of    
lung functions. A study of 300 factory workers who    
regularly cut fiberglass showed that their lung capacity is,    
on average, only 90 percent of that of a comparable group    
of people who do not cut fiberglass.    
The statements above, if true, most strongly support    
which of the following hypotheses?    
  
(A) People who work with fiberglass are likely also to    
work with asbestos.    
(B) Fiberglass fibers impair lung function in people who    
inhale them.    
(C) Fiberglass releases as many fibers into the air when    
cut as does asbestos.    
(D) Coarse fibers do not impair lung function in people    
who inhale them.    
(E) If uncut, fiberglass poses no health risk to people who    
work with it.  
  
Simone de Beauvoir‘s work greatly influenced Betty    
Friedan‘s----indeed, made it possible. Why, then, was it    
Friedan who became the prophet of women‘s emancipation    
in the United States? Political conditions, as well as a    
certain anti-intellectual bias, prepared Americans and the    
American media to better receive Friedan‘s deradicalized    
and highly pragmatic The Feminine Mystique, published in    
1963, than Beauvoir‘s theoretical reading of women‘s    
situation in The Second Sex. In 1963 when The Second Sex    
first appeared in translation in the United States, the    
country had entered the silent, fearful fortress of the    
anticommunist McCarthy years (1950-1954), and Beauvoir    
was suspected of Marxist sympathies. Even The Nation, a    
generally liberal magazine, warned its readers against    
―certain political leanings‖ of the author. (120 words)    

                                                      本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                  7  

----------------------- Page 8-----------------------

                                                                              www.sharewithu.com  

For the following question, consider each of the    
choices separately and select all that apply    
10. It can be inferred from the passage that which of the    
following is a factor in the explanation of why    
The Feminine Mystique was received more    
positively in the United States than was The    
Second Sex?    
  
A By 1963 political conditions in the United    
States had changed.    
B Friedan‘s approach to the issue of women‘s    
emancipation was less radical than Beauvoir‘s.    
C Readers did not recognize the powerful influence of    
Beauvoir‘s book on Friedan‘s ideas.  

  

阅读1：文章很短，我翻译一下吧~  
当被切割时，合成材料如玻璃纤维，像石棉一样，会将微观纤维释放到空气中。据了解，人如果吸 
入石棉纤维将会损害肺功能。300                      个定期切玻璃纤维工人的研究表明，他们的肺活量，平均而言， 
只有不切玻璃纤维组的90 ％。  
  
Q9：文章strongly 支持哪个假设？  
解析：切割纤维玻璃的工人吸入了纤维，所以导致肺功能受损！选B；  
  
阅读2：  
来段翻译吧！  
西蒙•德•波伏娃的作品极大地影响了贝蒂•弗里丹的创作——事实上，没有前者，后者也就不可能出 
现。  
那么，为什么是弗里丹成为了美国妇女解放运动的先声呢？  
因为比起波伏娃写的那本关于妇女状况的理论读物《第二性》，政治环境以及某种反智的成见使美国 
人以及美国媒体更容易接受弗里丹发表于1963 年的《女性的奥秘》，它不那么咄咄逼人，而且非常 
实际。  
1953 年，当《第二性》首次翻译出版时，美国正经历一个肃杀战栗的麦卡锡反共时期（1950-1954）， 
波伏娃被怀疑是马克思主义的同情者。  
连大体上持自由派立场的《国家》杂志也警告它的读者要提防作者的“某些政治倾向” 。  
公开承认妇女压迫的现实对于五十年代的美国过于激进了。而波伏娃认为，改善妇女处境的基本因 
素在于改变妇女的经济地位。尽管这一论断就其本身来说不够充分，但它特别与世相忤。  
  

Q10：文章最先给出问题，然后从两个方面进行解释，所以掐指一算，这个题应该有两个选项~  
定位至两本书的修饰语部分，一个 deradicalized   highly   pragmatic,   一个   theoretical  reading   of  
women's situation.  所以B 选项显而易见；再定位至  In 1963 when The Second Sex first appeared in  
translation   in  the  United   States,  the  country   had  entered  the  silent,  fearful  fortress  of  the  
anticommunist McCarthy years (1950-1954)，所以选A ；正确答案AB 。  

                                           本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                     8  
