----------------------- Page 1-----------------------

                                                                                         www.sharewithu.com  

                                                          Exercise 34    

Only an effective collaboration between filmmakers and    
art historians can create films that will enhance viewers'    
perceptions of art. Filmmakers need to resist the impulse to    
move the camera quickly from detail to detail for fear of    
boring the viewer, to frame the image for the sake of drama    
alone, to add music for fear of silence. Filmmakers are    
aware that an art object demands concentration and, at the    
same time, are concerned that it may not be compelling    
enough―and so they hope to provide relief by interposing    
"real" scenes that bear only a tangential relationship to the    
subject. But a work of art needs to be explored on its own    
terms. On the other hand, art historians need to trust that    
one can indicate and analyze, not solely with words, but also    
by directing the viewer's gaze. The specialized written    
language of art history needs to be relinquished or at least    
tempered for the screen.                      (158 words)    
  
  
1.The passage suggests that a filmmaker desiring to      
enhance viewers‘ perceptions of art should do which of    
the following?      
(A) Rely on the precise language of art history when      
developing scripts for films on art.    
(B) Rely on dramatic narrative and music to set a    
film's tone and style.      
(C) Recognize that a work of art by itself can be      
compelling enough to hold a viewer's attention    
(D) Depend more strongly on narration instead of    
camera movements to guide the viewer's gaze.    
(E) Emphasize the social and the historical contexts    
within which works of art have been created.    
  
2.According to the passage, art historians desiring to    
work with filmmakers to enhance the public's    
appreciation of art need to acknowledge which of the    
following?      
(A) The art historian's role in the creation of a film on    
art is likely to be a relatively minor one.      
(B) Film provides an ideal opportunity to acquaint      
viewers with a wide range of issues that relate    
incidentally to a work of art.    
(C) An in-depth analysis of a work of art is not an    
appropriate topic for a film on art.    
(D) Although silence may be an appropriate back-    

                                                       本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                    1  

----------------------- Page 2-----------------------

                                                                                         www.sharewithu.com  

ground when viewing a work of art in a    
museum, it is inappropriate in a film.    
(E) Film can use nonverbal means to achieve some of      
the same results that a spoken or written discourse    
can achieve.  
  

阅读 1 ：  

Q1:文章的意思就是说你的摄像机运动和音乐要少一点，not  compelling  说的就是这些东西要                                                                                not  

impule ，要用art 本身的力量和观众的 gaze 来说明问题，所以正确答案 C ；  

  

Q2 ：文中说art historians need to trust that one can indicate and analyze, not solely with    

words, but also by directing the viewer's gaze.  所以正确答案 E;    

  
As people age, their cells become less efficient and less able    
to replace damaged components. At the same time their tissues    
stiffen. For example, the lungs and the heart muscle expand less    
successfully, the blood vessels become increasingly rigid, and    
the ligaments and tendons tighten.      
  
Few investigators would attribute such diverse effects to a    
single cause. Nevertheless, researchers have discovered that a    
process long known to discolor and toughen foods may also    
contribute to age-  related impairment of both cells and tissues.    
That process is nonenzymatic glycosylation, whereby glucose    
becomes attached to proteins without the aid of enzymes. When    
enzymes attach glucose to proteins (enzymatic glycosylation),    
they do so at a specific site on a specific protein molecule for a    
specific purpose. In contrast, the nonenzymatic process adds    
glucose haphazardly to any of several sites along any available    
peptide chain within a protein molecule.    
  
This nonenzymatic glycosylation of certain proteins has    
been understood by food chemists for decades, although few    
biologists recognized until recently that the same steps could    
take place in the body. Nonenzymatic glycosylation begins    
when an aldehyde group (CHO) of glucose and an amino group    
(NH2) of a protein are attracted to each other. The molecules    
combine, forming what is called a Schiff base within the protein.    
This combination is unstable and quickly rearranges itself into a    
stabler, but still reversible, substance known as an Amadori    
product.    
  
If a given protein persists in the body for months or years,    
some of its Amadori products slowly dehydrate and rearrange    
themselves yet again, into new glucose-derived structures.    

                                                       本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                    2  

----------------------- Page 3-----------------------

                                                                                           www.sharewithu.com  

These can combine with various kinds of molecules to form    
irreversible structures named advanced glycosylation end    
products (AGE's). Most AGE's are yellowish brown and    
fluorescent and have specific spectrographic properties. More    
important for the body, many are also able to cross-link adjacent    
proteins, particularly ones that give structure to tissues and    
organs. Although no one has yet satisfactorily described the    
origin of all such bridges between proteins, many investigators    
agree that extensive cross-linking of proteins probably    
contributes to the stiffening and loss of elasticity characteristic    
of aging tissues.      
  
In an attempt to link this process with the development of    
cataracts (the browning and clouding of the lens of the eye as    
people age), researchers studied the effect of glucose on    
solutions of  purified crystallin, the major protein in the lens of    
the eye. Glucose-free solutions remained clear, but solutions    
with glucose caused the proteins to form clusters, suggesting    
that the molecules had become cross-linked. The clusters    
diffracted light, making the solution opaque. The researchers    
also discovered that the pigmented cross-links in human    
cataracts have the brownish color and fluorescence    
characteristic of AGE's. These data suggest that    
nonenzymatic glycosylation of lens crystallins may    
contribute to cataract formation.      (454 words)    
  
  
For the following question, consider each of the    
choices separately and select all that apply    
3. According to the passage, which of the following      
is NOT characteristic of enzymatic glycosylation of    
proteins?      
A Proteins affected by the process are made unstable.    
B Glucose attachment impairs and stiffens tissues.    
C Glucose is attached to proteins for specific purposes.    
  
4. According to the passage, which of the following      
statements is true of Amadori products in proteins?    
(A) They are more plentiful in a dehydrated    
environment.    
(B) They are created through enzymatic glycosylation.    
(C) They are composed entirely of glucose molecules.      
(D) They are derived from Schiff bases.      
(E) They are derived from AGE's      
  

                                                        本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                      3  

----------------------- Page 4-----------------------

                                                                                          www.sharewithu.com  

  
5. Which of the following best describes the function      
of the third paragraph of the passage?      
(A) It offers evidence that contradicts the findings    
described in the first two paragraphs.    
(B) It presents a specific example of the process      
discussed in the first two paragraphs.      
(C) It explains a problem that the researchers    
mentioned in the second paragraph have yet to solve.    
(D) It evaluates the research discoveries described    
in the previous paragraph.    
(E) It  begins a detailed description of the process    
introduced in the previous two paragraphs.      
  
6. The passage suggests that which of the following      
would be LEAST important in determining    
whether nonenzymatic glycosylation is likely to    
have taken place in the proteins of a particular    
tissue?      
(A) The likelihood that the tissue has been      
exposed to free glucose    
(B) The color and spectrographic properties of    
structures within the tissue.    
(C) The amount of time that the proteins in the    
tissue have persisted in the body    
(D) The number of amino groups within the    
proteins in the tissue    
(E) The degree of elasticity that the tissue exhibits    
  

参考翻译：  

                                                        本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                     4  

----------------------- Page 5-----------------------

                                                                                    www.sharewithu.com  

  

Q3.  定位在：    

When enzymes attach glucose to proteins (enzymatic glycosylation), they do so    

at a specific site on a specific protein molecule for a specific purpose ；    

对应 C ，其他两个选项文章没提，答案AB ；    

  

Q4.  The molecules combine, forming what is called a Schiff base within the protein.    

This combination is unstable and quickly rearranges itself into a stabler, but still reversible,  

substance known as an Amadori product.  所以答案 D ；    

  

Q5.  详细叙述了 Nonenzymatic glycosylation 的过程，答案 E ；    

  

Q6.  Nonenzymatic glycosylation begins when an aldehyde group (CHO) of glucose and an  

amino group (NH2) of a protein are attracted to each other  只是提了，但是没有说数量，所以 

是 D ；    

A 中 the tissue has been exposed to free glucose 实际上就是 glycosylation ，不能说没有关系；  

  

7. It takes a particular talent to be a successful business    
manager. Business courses can help people to solve    
management problems, but such courses can do so    

                                                 本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                            5  

----------------------- Page 6-----------------------

                                                                                      www.sharewithu.com  

only for those people with managerial talent. Such    
people should take business courses to acquire ideas    
that they can subsequently use to good advantage if    
management problems happen to arise.      
  
If the statements above are true, which of the following    
must also be true on the basis of them?    
(A) People who are helped by business courses in    
solving management problems also have    
managerial talent.    
(B)  People who are already skilled at solving    
management problems are unlikely to benefit    
from business courses.    
(C) Most ideas that are used successfully in solving    
management problems are those acquired in    
business courses.    
(D) People who lack managerial talent are more    
likely to take business courses than are people    
who have managerial talent.    
(E) Those people who have never taken business    
courses are unable to solve management    
problems when such problems arise.  
  

阅读 2 ：  

只有具有天赋，才能上课；  天赋是上课的前提假设（必要条件），上课是天赋的充分条件；    

文章结论是：那些都应该来上课；若想让上课成立，那么其前提假设必须成立，即那些上课人必须要有 

天赋，答案 A ；  

  

The age at which young children begin to make moral    
discriminations about harmful actions committed against    
themselves or others has been the focus of recent research into    
the moral development of children. Until recently, child    
psychologists supported pioneer developmentalist Jean Piaget in    
his hypothesis that because of their immaturity, children under    
age seven do not take into account the intentions of a person    
committing accidental or deliberate harm, but rather simply    
assign punishment for transgressions on the basis of the    
magnitude of the negative consequences caused.    
However, in recent research,  Keasey found that six- year-old    
children not only distinguish between accidental and intentional    
harm, but also judge intentional harm as naughtier, regardless of    
the amount of damage produced. Both of these findings seem to    
indicate that children, at an earlier age than Piaget claimed,    
advance into the second stage of moral development, moral    
autonomy, in which they accept social rules but view them as    

                                                   本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                               6  

----------------------- Page 7-----------------------

                                                                                         www.sharewithu.com  

more arbitrary than do children in the first stage. (163 words)      
  
8.According to the passage, Piaget and Keasey would not    
have agreed on which of the following points?    
  (A) The kinds of excuses children give for harmful      
acts they commit    
  (B) The age at which children begin to discriminate      
between intentional and unintentional harm    
  (C) The intentions children have in perpetrating harm    
  (D) The circumstances under which children punish    
harmful acts    
(E) The justifications children recognize for mitigating      
punishment for harmful acts    
  
9.According to the passage, Keasey's findings support      
which of the following conclusions about six-year-old    
children?    
(A)They have the ability to make autonomous moral      
judgments.      
(B)They regard moral absolutism as a threat to their    
moral autonomy.    
(C)They do not understand the concept of public duty.      
(D)They accept moral judgment made by their peers      
more easily than do older children.    
(E)They make arbitrary moral judgments.      
  
As of the late 1980's. neither theorists nor large-scale    
computer climate models could accurately  predict    
whether cloud systems would help or hurt a warming    
globe. Some studies suggested that a four percent increase    
in stratocumulus clouds over the ocean could compensate    
for a doubling in atmospheric carbon dioxide, preventing    
a potentially disastrous planetwide temperature increase.    
On the other hand, an increase in cirrus clouds could    
increase global warming.      
That clouds represented the weakest element in climate    
models was illustrated by a study of fourteen such models.    
Comparing climate forecasts for a world with double the    
current amount of carbon dioxide, researchers found that    
the models agreed quite well if clouds were not included.    
But when clouds were incorporated, a wide range of    
forecasts was produced.      
(125 words)      
10. Select the sentence that indicates one reason the    
fourteen models described in the passage failed to    
agree.  

                                                      本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                   7  

----------------------- Page 8-----------------------

                                                                                  www.sharewithu.com  

阅读1：参考翻译：  

阅读2：参考翻译：  

B A  

Q8,由首句  “The age at which young children begin to make moral discriminations about  

harmful  actions  committed  against  themselves  or  others  has  been  the  focus  of  recent  

research into the moral development of children.”+“children under age seven”+“six-  

year-old children” ，不选年龄就不知道选什么了  

  

Q9    ， 最 后 一 句  “advance               into    the   second      stage   of   moral     development,         moral  

autonomy”autonomy 是选项 Aautonomous 的词性转换  

  

Q10 “But when clouds were incorporated, a wide range of forecasts was produced” ，一个 

but 与上句的 agree quite well  相反，意思跃然纸上。  

  

  

                                               本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                          8  
