----------------------- Page 1-----------------------

                                                                                          www.sharewithu.com  

                                                           Exercise 26    

  
Authorities in California required drivers to use their    
headlights on a certain road during the daytime as well    
as at night and found that annual accident rates on the    
road fell 15 percent from the previous level. They    
concluded that applying the daytime rule statewide    
would lead to a similar reduction in accidents.    
  
1. Which of the following, if true, most strengthens the    
authorities' argument?    
(A) Because an alternate route became available, the    
volume of traffic on the test road decreased during    
the test period.    
(B) Drivers were informed of the requirement to use    
their headlights on the test road by means of a    
series of three conspicuous signs in each direction    
of travel.    
(C) Under certain conditions, among them fog and    
heavy rain, most drivers in California already use    
their headlights during the daytime.    
(D) Full-scale application of the daytime rule would    
cause headlight bulbs to burn out sooner than    
they currently do and thus to require more    
frequent replacement.    
(E) The test road was selected to include a great    
variety of the sorts of road conditions that drivers    
in California are likely to encounter.    
  
  
It has long been known that during an El Nino, two    
conditions exist: (1) unusually warm water extends    
along the eastern Pacific, principally along the coasts of    
Ecuador and Peru, and (2) winds blow from the west into    
the warmer air rising over the warm water in the east.    
These winds tend to create a feedback mechanism by    
driving the warmer surface water into a "pile" that blocks    
the normal upwelling of deeper, cold water in the east and    
further warms the eastern water, thus strengthening the    
wind still more. The contribution of the recent  model is to    
show that the winds of an El Nino, which raise sea level in    
the east, simultaneously send a signal to the west lowering    
sea level. According to the model, that signal is generated    
as a negative Rossby wave, a wave of depressed, or    
negative, sea level, that moves westward parallel to the    

                                                        本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                     1  

----------------------- Page 2-----------------------

                                                                                            www.sharewithu.com  

equator at 25 to 85 kilometers per day.    
(158 words)    
  
  
2. According to the passage, which of the following    
features is characteristic of an El Nino?    
(A) Cold coastal water near Peru    
(B) Winds blowing from the west    
(C) Random occurrence    
(D) Worldwide effects    
(E) Short duration    
  
For the following question, consider each of the    
choices separately and select all that apply    
3. It can be inferred from the passage that which of    
the following would result fairly immediately from    
the cessation of the winds of an El Nino?    
  
A Negative Rossby waves would cease to be    
generated in the eastern Pacific.    
B The sea level in the eastern Pacific would fall.    
C The surface water in the eastern Pacific would    
again  be cooled by being mixed with deep water.  

  

阅读1：  
Q1 E:  

I.  在一条路上的实验性结果可作为依据推广到全州，可加强这个论断的选项必然是，这条路的选择 
在全州看来，极具代表性；  
  

阅读2：  
Q2 B  
Q3 ABC  

                                                                                                                                                   

                                                                                                                                                   

                                                          本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                        2  

----------------------- Page 3-----------------------

                                                                                              www.sharewithu.com  

                                                                                                                                                         

                                                                                                                                                         

  

Q2  定位文章首句的two conditions exist, B 选项对应2)的说法；  
  
Q3    

A  对应文章最后一句，the winds simultaneously send a signal which is generated as a negative Rossby  
wave.  风停则这个wave 停，A 正确；  
  

C  对应文章第二句，风blocks the normal upwelling of deeper, cold water in the east and further warms  
the eastern water.  风停，冷水就上来了，表层水会变冷；  
  

B  定位基本没有疑问，提到sea level 就是最后一句的前半部分，‘the winds which raise sea level in the  
cast, simultaneously sends a signal to the west lowering sea level'  这里的cast 应该是east，这样正好 
形成一个对比，风使east 的sea level 高  vs. west 的sea level 低  
  
  
In a recent study, David Cressy examines two central    
questions concerning English immigration to New England    
in the 1630's: what kinds of people immigrated and why?    
Cressy finds that most adult immigrants were skilled in    

                                                            本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                          3  

----------------------- Page 4-----------------------

                                                                                           www.sharewithu.com  

farming or crafts, were literate, and were organized in    
families. Each of these characteristics sharply distinguishes    
the 21,000 people who left for New England in the 1630's    
from most of the approximately 377,000 English people    
who had immigrating, to America by 1700.    
With respect to their reasons for immigrating, Cressy    
does not deny the frequently noted fact that some of the    
immigrants of the 1630's, most notably the organizers and    
clergy, advanced religious explanations for departure, but    
he finds that such explanations usually assumed primacy    
only in retrospect. When he moves  beyond the principal    
actors, he finds that religious explanations were less    
frequently offered and he concludes that most people    
immigrated because they were recruited by promises of    
material improvement.    
(155 words)    
  
4. According to the passage, Cressy would agree with    
which of the following statements about the orga-    
nizers among the English immigrants to New    
England in the 1630's?    
I. Most of them were clergy.    
II. Some of them offered a religious explanation    
for their immigration.    
III. They did not offer any reasons for their    
immigration until some time after they    
had immigrated.    
IV. They were more likely than the average    
immigrant to be motivated by material    
considerations.    
(A) I only    
(B) II only    
(C) II and III only    
(D) I, III, and IV only    
(E) II, III, and IV only    
  
5.The passage suggests that the majority of those    
English people who had immigrated to America    
by the late seventeenth century were    
(A) clergy    
(B) young children    
(C) organized in families    
(D) skilled in crafts    
(E) illiterate  
  
  

                                                         本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                      4  

----------------------- Page 5-----------------------

                                                                                         www.sharewithu.com  

Q4 B  
Q5 E  
Q10 C  
  

  

I.  首句提出问题.  第一段剩下内容和第二段，分别解释what kind of people immigrated 和why.  
  

Q4  题干中两个点，the organizers 和immigrants to New England.  选正确的说法：  
I.  错误  organizers 和clergy 是两个类型的人，文中是分开说的；  
II.  正确  对应文中most notably the organizers advanced religious explanation for departure;  
III.  错误  any 太绝对,  做题总是要注意这些需要警觉的词；  
IV.  错误  说反了吧。  
  
Q5 E.  文章首段第二句的那一些列characteristics 取反。  
  
Traditionally, pollination by wind has been viewed as    
a reproductive process marked by random events in    
which the vagaries of the wind are compensated for by    
the generation of vast quantities of pollen, so that the    
ultimate production of new seeds is assured at the    
expense of producing much more pollen than is actually    
used. Because the potential hazards  pollen grains are    
subject to as they are transported over long distances are    
enormous, wind-pollinated plants have, in the view above,    
compensated for the ensuing loss of pollen through    
happenstance by virtue of producing an amount of pollen    
that is one to three orders of magnitude greater than the    
amount produced by species pollinated by insects.    
  
However, a number of features that are characteristic    
of wind-pollinated plants reduce pollen waste. For    
example, many wind-pollinated species fail to release    
pollen when wind speeds are low or when humid    
conditions prevail. Recent studies suggest another way in    

                                                      本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                   5  

----------------------- Page 6-----------------------

                                                                                        www.sharewithu.com  

which species compensate for the inefficiency of wind    
pollination. These studies suggest that species frequently    
take advantage of the physics of pollen motion by    
generating specific aerodynamic environments within the    
immediate vicinity of their female reproductive organs. It    
is the morphology of these organs that dictates the pattern    
of airflow disturbances through which pollen must travel.    
The speed and direction of the airflow disturbances can    
combine with the physical properties of a species' pollen    
to produce a species-specific pattern of pollen collision on    
the surfaces of female reproductive organs. Provided that    
these surfaces are strategically located, the consequences    
of this combination can significantly increase the    
pollen-capture efficiency of a female reproductive organ.    
  
A critical question that remains to be answered is    
whether the morphological attributes of the female    
reproductive organs of wind-pollinated species are    
evolutionary adaptations to wind pollination or are merely    
fortuitous. A complete resolution of the question is as yet    
impossible since adaptation must be evaluated for each    
species within its own unique functional context.    
However, it must be said that, while evidence of such    
evolutionary adaptations does exist in some species, one    
must be careful about attributing morphology to    
adaptation. For example, the spiral arrangement of    
scale-bract complexes on ovule-bearing pine cones, where    
the female reproductive organs of conifers are located, is    
important to the production of airflow patterns that spiral    
over the cone's surfaces, thereby passing airborne pollen    
from one scale to the next. However, these patterns    
cannot be viewed as an adaptation to wind pollination    
because the spiral arrangement occurs in a number of    
non-wind-pollinated plant lineages and is regarded as a    
characteristic of vascular plants, of which conifers are    
only one  kind, as a whole. Therefore, the spiral    
arrangement is not likely to be the result of a direct    
adaptation to wind pollination.    
(453 words)  
  
6.The author of the passage is primarily concerned    
with discussing    
(A) the current debate on whether the morphological    
attributes of wind-pollinated plants are    
evolutionary adaptations    
(B) the kinds of airflow patterns that permit wind-    

                                                      本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                  6  

----------------------- Page 7-----------------------

                                                                                          www.sharewithu.com  

pollinated plants to capture pollen most effi-    
ciently    
(C) the ways in which the reproductive processes of    
wind-pollinated  plants are controlled by    
random events    
(D) a recently proposed explanation of a way in    
which wind-pollinated plants reduce pollen    
waste    
(E) a specific morphological attribute that permits    
one species of wind-pollinated plant to    
capture pollen    
  
7. According to the passage, the "aerodynamic    
environments" mentioned in the second paragraph,    
when they are produced, are primarily determined by    
the    
(A) presence of insects near the plant    
(B) physical properties of the plant's pollen    
(C) shape of the plant's female reproductive organs    
(D) amount of pollen generated by the plant    
(E) number of seeds produced by the plant    
  
  
8. The passage suggests that the recent studies cited in the    
second paragraph have not done which of the following?    
(A) Made any distinctions between different species    
of wind-pollinated plants.    
(B) Considered the physical properties of the pollen    
that is produced by wind-pollinated plants.    
(C) Indicated the general range within which plant-    
generated airflow disturbances are apt to    
occur.    
(D) Included investigations of the physics of pollen    
motion and its relationship to the efficient    
capture of pollen by the female reproductive    
organs of wind-pollinated plants.    
(E) Demonstrated that the morphological attributes    
of the female reproductive organs of wind-    
pollinated plants are usually evolutionary    
adaptations to wind pollination.    
  
9. It can be inferred from the passage that the claim    
that the spiral arrangement of scale-bract complexes    
on an ovule-bearing pine cone is an adaptation to    
wind pollination would be more convincing if which    
of the following were true?    

                                                        本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                     7  

----------------------- Page 8-----------------------

                                                                                            www.sharewithu.com  

(A) Such an arrangement occurred only in wind-    
pollinated plants.    
(B) Such an arrangement occurred in vascular    
plants as a whole.    
(C) Such an arrangement could be shown to be    
beneficial to pollen release.    
(D) The number of bracts could be shown to have    
increased over time.    
(E) The airflow patterns over the cone's surfaces    
could be shown to be produced by such    
arrangements.  
  

                                                                                                                                         

                                                                                                                                                    

  
该片结构为典型的观点对比型！  

Traditionally,  pollination  by  wind  has  been  viewed  as  a  reproductive  process  marked  by  random  events  in  

which the vagaries of the wind are compensated for by the generation of vast quantities of pollen, so that the  

                                                          本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                        8  

----------------------- Page 9-----------------------

                                                                                      www.sharewithu.com  

ultimate  production  of  new  seeds  is assured at the  expense  of  producing much  more pollen  than  is  actually  

used. Because the potential hazards pollen grains are subject to as they are transported over long distances are  

enormous, wind-pollinated plants have, in the view above, compensated for the ensuing loss of pollen through  

happenstance by virtue of producing an amount of pollen that is one to three orders of magnitude greater than  

the amount produced by species pollinated by insects.  

However,  a  number  of  features  that  are  characteristics  of  wind-pollinated  plants  reduce  pollen  waste.  For  

example,  many  wind-pollinated  species  fail  to  release  pollen  when  wind  speeds  are  low  or  when  humid  

conditions  prevail.  Recent  studies  suggest  another  way  in  which  species  compensate  for  the  inefficiency  of  

wind-pollination.  

通过上面文章首段、二段我们已经标记好的重点内容（Traditionally 和viewed  as 表明了传统观点的提出， 

而because 的出现标志着对老观点的因果解释和说明，however 和for  example  的出现都表明二段首句是 

一个重要的观点，而another 的出现表明转折后的观点的表现可以包括两个方面），我们可以清楚地知道， 

这篇文章出现了两个观点：一个观点认为风媒植物为了确保授粉的成功一定要通过大量的浪费来实现； 

而另一个观点认为风媒植物为了确保授粉的成功其实可以通过一些特点来实现并减少浪费。所以这两个 

观点是一种补充关系。而下面的主旨题目要正确一定要出现focus: wind-pollinated and pollen waste。另外 

一定要强调转折后的观点，即减少浪费。  

  

文章结构：首段，旧观点，特征词traditionally ；第二段，however 引导的新观点，a number of features  
reduce  pollen  waste.  for  example...recent  studies...例证之；第三段，对第二段中的 morphological  
attribute 展开，讨论其是否为evolutionary adaptation 的结果。  
  

Q6  主题题，找新观点，二段首句的改写，对应D.  错选A,是因为没有理清楚最后两段的关系，最后 
一段是针对第二段的一个细节topic 展开讨论；  

  
  
Q7  根据‘aerodynamic  environments'和'determine'定位‘aerodynamic  environments'那一句及其后面 
一句  -  the morphology of  these  organs  that  dictates  the  pattern  of airflow  disturbance.  对比选项， 
morphology 对应shape, dictate 对应determine, the pattern of airflow disturbance 对应aerodynamic  
environments;  
  
Q8 E 错误，错在‘evolutionary adaptation';  
  

Q9  文中最后一段，However, these patterns cannot be viewed as an adaptation because...   内容取非， 
对应A.  
  
  

                                                   本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                               9  

----------------------- Page 10-----------------------

                                                                                              www.sharewithu.com  

Isadora Duncan's masterly writings on the dance reveal    
the depth of her determination to create a lyric form of the art    
which was free of characterization, storytelling, and the    
theatrical exhibition of skills. She wished to discard the    
traditional methods and established vocabularies of such dance    
forms as ballet and to explore the internal sources of human    
expressiveness. She shunned bodily ornamentation and    
strove to use only the natural movements of her body,    
undistorted by acrobatic exaggeration and stimulated only by    
internal compulsion. In her recitals Duncan danced to the music    
of Beethoven, Wagner, and Gluck, among others, but,    
contrary to popular belief, she made no attempt to visualize or    
to interpret the music; rather, she simply relied on it to provide    
the inspiration for expressing inner feelings through movement.    
(130 words)    
  
10.The author implies that Duncan relied on music in    
her recitals in order to    
(A) interpret musical works solely by means of    
natural body movements    
(B) foster the illusion that music serves as an    
inspiration for the dance    
(C) inspire the expression of inner feeling when she    
danced    
(D) validate the public belief that music inspires    
the expression of feeling through movement    
(E) counter the public belief that she made no    
attempt to visualize music  
  

                                                                                                                                                        

                                                                                                                                                        

  
II. Q10  最后一句的rather 部分，对应选项C.  
  
  
  
  

                                                            本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                         10  

----------------------- Page 11-----------------------

                                      www.sharewithu.com  

                                                                                          
  
                                                                                                  

                               文中涉及到结构的分析来自  JudyHan817  

本文由尚友原创或整理  

                11  
