----------------------- Page 1-----------------------

                                                                                     www.sharewithu.com  

                                                      Exercise 27    

The more that is discovered about the intricate    
organization of the nervous system, the more it seems    
remarkable that genes can successfully specify the    
development of that system. Human genes contain too    
little information even to specify which hemisphere of the    
brain each of a human's 10^10  
neurons should occupy, let    
alone the hundreds of connections that each neuron    
makes. For such reasons, we can assume that there must    
be an important random factor in neural development, and    
in particular, that errors must and do occur in the    
development of all normal brains.    
(93 words)    
1. Which of the following best describes the organization    
of the paragraph?    
(A) A specific case is presented, its details are    
analyzed, and a conclusion is drawn from it.    
(B) A discovery is announced, its most significant    
application is discussed, and possibilities for    
the future are suggested.    
(C) A generalization is made, specific situations in    
which it is applicable are noted, and problems    
with it are suggested.    
(D) An observation is made, specifics are provided    
to support it, and a generalization is derived.    
(E) A hypothesis is presented, its implications are    
clarified, and applications of it are discussed.  
  

  【阅读技巧】For  such  reasons,是个信号，表明前面的                                          Human  genes  contain  too  little  

information…that each neuron makes 均是 reasons。  

  【题目】1. Which of the following best describes the organization of the first paragraph?  

      (D) An observation is made, specifics are provided to support it, and a generalization is  

derived.  

  【注】The more that is discovered about the intricate organization of the nervous system,  

the more it seems remarkable that genes can successfully specify the development of that  

system. [An observation is made  发表评论/提出看法]  

        

      Human genes contain too little information even to specify which hemisphere of the  

brain  each  of  a  human’s  1011.neurons  should  occupy,  let  alone  the  hundreds  of  

connections that each neuron makes.                       [specifics are provided to support it  提供细节以支 

持评论/看法]  

        

                                                   本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                              1  

----------------------- Page 2-----------------------

                                                                                      www.sharewithu.com  

For such reasons, we can assume that there must be an important random factor in neural  

development, and in particular, that errors must and do occur in the development of all  

normal brains.             [and a generalization is derived  引出推论。                         注意：we can assume that  

there must be…中的 assume 以及 must]  

  

特别注意：(A) A specific case is presented, its details are analyzed, and a conclusion is drawn  

from it.  是不对的！  

  

Some recent historians have argued that life in the    
British colonies in America from approximately 1763 to    
1789 was marked by internal conflicts among colonists.    
Inheritors of some of the viewpoints of early twentieth-    
century Progressive historians such as Beard and Becker,    
these recent historians have put forward arguments that    
deserve evaluation.    
The kind of conflict most emphasized by these    
historians is class conflict. Yet with the Revolutionary    
War dominating these years, how does one distinguish    
class conflict within that larger conflict? Certainly not by    
the side a person supported. Although many of these    
historians have accepted the earlier assumption that    
Loyalists represented an upper class, new evidence    
indicates that Loyalists, like rebels, were drawn from all    
socioeconomic classes. (It is nonetheless probably true    
that a larger percentage of the well-to-do joined the    
Loyalists than joined the rebels.) Looking at the rebel side,    
we find little evidence for the contention that lower-class    
rebels were in conflict with upper-class rebels. Indeed,    
the war effort against Britain tended to suppress class    
conflicts. Where it did not, the disputing rebels of one or    
another class usually became Loyalists. Loyalism thus    
operated as a safety valve to remove socioeconomic    
discontent that existed among the rebels. Disputes    
occurred, of course, among those who remained on the    
rebel side, but the extraordinary social mobility of    
eighteenth-century American society (with the obvious    
exception of slaves) usually prevented such disputes from    
hardening along class lines. Social structure was in fact so    
fluid --- though recent statistics suggest a narrowing of    
economic opportunity as the latter half of the century    
progressed --- that to talk about social classes at all    
requires the use of loose economic categories such as rich,    
poor, and middle class, or eighteenth-century designations    
like "the better sort." Despite these vague categories, one    
should not claim unequivocally that hostility between    

                                                    本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                2  

----------------------- Page 3-----------------------

                                                                                        www.sharewithu.com  

recognizable classes cannot be legitimately observed.    
Outside of New York, however, there were very few    
instances of openly expressed class antagonism.    
Having said this, however, one must add that there is    
much evidence to support the further claim of recent    
historians that sectional conflicts were common between    
1763 and 1789. The "Paxton Boys" incident and the    
Regulator movement are representative examples of the    
widespread, and justified, discontent of western settlers    
against colonial or state governments dominated by    
eastern interests. Although undertones of class conflict    
existed beneath such hostility, the opposition was    
primarily geographical. Sectional conflict ---which also    
existed between North and South ---deserves further    
investigation.    
In summary, historians must be careful about the kind    
of conflict they emphasize in eighteenth-century America.    
Yet those who stress the achievement of a general    
consensus among the colonists cannot fully understand    
that consensus without understanding the conflicts that    
had to be overcome or repressed in order to reach it.    
(461 words)    
  
2.The author most likely refers to "historians such as    
Beard and Becker" in the first paragraph in order to    
(A) isolate the two historians whose work is most    
representative of the viewpoints of Progressive    
historians    
(B) emphasize the need to find connections between    
recent historical writing and the work of    
earlier historians    
(C) make a case for the importance of the views    
of the Progressive historians concerning    
eighteenth-century American life    
(D) suggest that Progressive historians were the first    
to discover the particular internal conflicts in    
eighteenth-century American life mentioned    
in the passage    
(E) point out historians whose views of history    
anticipated some of the views of the recent    
historians mentioned in the passage    
  
3.According to the passage, Loyalism during    
the American Revolutionary War served the    
function of    
(A) eliminating the disputes that existed among    

                                                      本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                  3  

----------------------- Page 4-----------------------

                                                                                        www.sharewithu.com  

those colonists who supported the rebel cause    
(B) drawing upper, as opposed to lower, socio-    
economic classes away from the rebel cause    
(C) tolerating the kinds of socioeconomic discontent    
that were not allowed to exist on the rebel side    
(D) channeling conflict that existed within a socio-    
economic class into the war effort against the    
rebel cause    
(E) absorbing members of socioeconomic groups    
on the rebel side who felt themselves in    
contention with members of other socio-    
economic groups    
  
For the following question, consider each of the    
choices separately and select all that apply    
4. The passage suggests that the author would be likely    
to agree with which of the following statements    
about the social structure of eighteenth-century    
American society?    
A It allowed greater economic opportunity than it did    
social mobility.    
B It permitted greater economic opportunity prior to 1750    
than after 1750.    
C It did not contain rigidly defined socioeconomic    
divisions.    
  
5.The author suggests which of the following about    
the representativeness of colonial or state govern-    
ments in America from 1763 to 1789 ?    
(A) The governments inadequately represented the    
interests of people in western regions.    
(B) The governments more often represented class    
interests than sectional interests.    
(C)The governments were less representative than    
they had been before 1763 .    
(D)The governments were dominated by the interests    
of people of an upper socioeconomic class.    
(E) The governments of the northern colonies were    
less representative than were the governments    
of the southern colonies.  
  

Q2 E  

Q3 E  

Q4 BC  

Q5 A  

                                                     本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                  4  

----------------------- Page 5-----------------------

                                                                                     www.sharewithu.com  

文章结构：  

观点说明型。首段，提出观点；第二段，解释说明，colonist conflict>class conflict;第三段，further  

claim,关亍 sectional conflicts;  最后一段，summary,给出建议。  

  

Q2 E  定位首段尾句。recent historians 是这两人观点的 inheritor,反而言之，即这两个人 anticipate 

了这些观点；  

  

Q3  找到       ‘loyalism thus'那一句，读其前一句和后一句，由前一句，找到选项 E;  

  

Q4 A  文中对亍 economic oppotunity 和 social mobility 未形成比较；  

B a narrowing in the later half,  对应，正确；  

C loose/vague 对应 not rigidly,正确。  

  

Q5  定位        ‘representative  examples  of  the  discontent  of  western  settlers  against  state  

government dominated by eastern interests.' against 州政府，因为其代表东部利益，即未正确 

代表西部利益，A 正确。  

  

                                                                                                                                

                                                                                                                                

                                                                                                                                
  

6. Despite a dramatic increase in the number of people    

                                                  本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                              5  

----------------------- Page 6-----------------------

                                                                                        www.sharewithu.com  

riding bicycles for recreation in Parkville. a recent    
report by the Parkville Department of Transportation    
shows that the number of accidents involving    
bicycles has decreased for the third consecutive year.    
  
Which of the following, if true during the last three years,    
best reconciles the apparent discrepancy in the facts    
above?    
(A) The Parkville Department of Recreation    
confiscated abandoned bicycles and sold them at    
auction to any interested Parkville residents.    
(B) Increased automobile and bus traffic in Parkville    
has been the leading cause of the most recent    
increase in automobile accidents.    
(C) Because of the local increase in the number of    
people bicycling for recreation. many out -of    
-town bicyclists ride in the Parkville area.    
(D) The Parkville Police Department enforced traffic    
rules for bicycle riders much more vigorously    
and began requiring recreational riders to pass a    
bicycle safety course.    
(E) The Parkville Department of Transportation    
canceled a program that required all bicycles to    
be inspected and registered each year.  
  

阅读 ：骑自行车人多了，自行车事故却少了！  

Q6 ：哪个reconcile the discrepancy?  

解析：D 选项说：相关的 rules 变严格了，并且有 course 给培训了，解释的合情合理！  

  

The Earth's magnetic field is generated as the molten    
iron of the Earth's outer core revolves around its solid    
inner core; when surges in the molten iron occur, magnetic    
tempests are created. At the Earth's surface, these tempests    
can be detected by changes in the strength of the Earth's    
magnetic field. For reasons not fully understood, the field    
itself reverses periodically every million years or so.    
Clearly, geophysicists who seek to explain and forecast    
changes in the field must understand what happens in the    
outer core. Unlike meteorologists, however, they cannot    
rely on observations made in their own lifetimes. Whereas    
atmospheric storms arise in a matter of hours and last for    
days, magnetic tempests develop over decades and persist for    
centuries.    
(121 words)    
  

                                                      本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                  6  

----------------------- Page 7-----------------------

                                                                                         www.sharewithu.com  

7.In the passage, the author is primarily concerned with    
(A) analyzing a complicated scientific phenomenon    
and its impact on the Earth's surface features    
(B) describing a natural phenomenon and the    
challenges its study presents to researchers    
(C) discussing a scientific field of research and the    
gaps in researchers' methodological    
approaches to it    
(D) comparing two distinct fields of physical science    
and the different research methods employed    
in each    
(E) proposing an explanation for a geophysical    
phenomenon and an experiment that could help    
confirm that explanation    
  
8. Select the sentence in the passage that implies the    
reason why geophysicists seeking to explain magnetic    
tempests ought to conduct research on the Earth's outer    
core.  
  
In The Women of Mexico City, 1796-1857, Sylvia    
Marina Arrom argues that the status on women in Mexico    
City improved during the nineteenth century. According    
to Arrom, households headed by females and instances of    
women working outside the home were much more    
common than scholars have estimated; efforts by the    
Mexican government to encourage female education    
resulted in increased female literacy; and influential male    
writers wrote pieces advocating education, employment,    
and increased family responsibilities for women, while    
deploring women‘s political and marital inequality.    
Mention of the fact that the civil codes of 1870 and 1884    
significantly advanced women‘s rights would have further    
strengthened Arrom‘s argument.    
Arrom does not discuss whether women‘s improved    
status counteracted the effects on women of instability in    
the Mexican economy during the nineteenth century.    
However, this is not so much a weakness in her work as it    
is the inevitable result of scholars‘ neglect of this period.    
Indeed, such gaps in Mexican history are precisely what    
make Arrom‘s pioneering study an important addition to    
Latin American women‘s history. (172 words)    
  
  
9. It can be inferred from the passage that Arrom    
would agree with which of the following    

                                                      本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                   7  

----------------------- Page 8-----------------------

                                                                                    www.sharewithu.com  

assertions?    
(A) Efforts by the Mexican government to    
encourage education for women during the    
nineteenth century were hampered by the    
economic instability of that period.    
(B) The most significant advances in the rights    
of Mexican women during the nineteenth    
century occurred prior to 1857.    
(C) Improvements in the status of women in Mexico    
City during the nineteenth century were    
accompanied by similar improvements in the    
status of women in other large Latin American    
cities.    
(D) Scholars have in the past accorded the most    
significance to nineteenth-century Mexican    
literature that supported the status quo in    
women‘s political and marital rights.    
(E) Scholars have in the past underestimated the    
number of households headed by females in    
Mexico City.    
  
10. Which of the following best describes the author‘s    
attitude toward Arrom‘s work?    
(A) Uncritical approval    
(B) Enthusiasm tempered by minor reservations    
(C) Praise for her thesis, despite skepticism    
regarding the sources of her evidence    
(D) Reluctant acceptance, despite lingering doubts    
regarding the accuracy of her thesis    
(E) Rejection, despite admiration for her attempt to    
break new ground in a hitherto neglected field  
  

阅读 1 ：  

  

翻译 ：  地球磁场的产生就犹如熔铁般的外核围绕着固体般的内核旋转而形成的；当熔铁大量爆发的时候， 

磁暴就产生了。在地球的表面，这些磁暴现象是由被磁场的强度大小改变而探测到的。因为还未完全知 

晓的原因，磁场本身会没前年左右周期性的颠倒。  

很显然的，地球物理学家，他们尝试着去解释并且预测磁场的变化的人，必须去了解在外核上到底发生 

了什么事情。不像气象学家，因为气象学家不可能仅仅依靠他们自己这一生的观察结果得出结论。然而 

大气风暴会持续很多天，但是磁暴现象则会酝酿数十甚至上百年。  

  

第七题：  答案：B ，  可能有人会误选 D ，因为我就误选了，但是其实文章中并没有说研究这两种现象的 

method ，而是说研究的困难，AKA ，一生的观察数据也无法得出结论，etc ，所以这一点上就可以排除 

D。  

                                                 本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                            8  

----------------------- Page 9-----------------------

                                                                                       www.sharewithu.com  

第八题：第一句话  

  

阅读 2 ：  

                                                                                                                                       
  

                                                                                                                              
  

9  E  定位到:According  to  Arrom,  household  headed  by  females  and  instances  of  women  

working outside the home were much more common than scholars have estimated;可以选 

出答案 E  

  

10 B  第二段首句可以看出，作者指出了 Arrom  的不足之处，然后 However 后边表达出作者对其的肯 

定态度，所以是稍微有保留的正面态度，故此选 B ；  C 选项也以肯定为主，但是文中没有说明 skepticism。  

                                                                                                                                      

                                                     本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                 9  
