----------------------- Page 1-----------------------

                                                                                                           www.sharewithu.com  

                                                                                              
                                                                  Exercise 18 

  

Theorists are divided concerning the origin of the Moon.    
Some hypothesize that the Moon was formed in the same    
way as were the planets in the inner solar system (Mercury,    
Venus, Mars, and Earth)—from planet-forming materials in    
the presolar nebula. But, unlike the cores of the inner planets,    
the Moon‘s core contains little or no iron, while the typical    
planet-forming materials were quite rich in iron. Other    
theorists propose that the Moon was ripped out of the Earth‘s    
rocky mantle by the Earth‘s collision with another large    
celestial body after much of the Earth‘s iron fell to its core. One    
problem with the collision hypothesis is the question of how a    
satellite formed in this way could have settled into the nearly    
circular orbit that the Moon has today. Fortunately, the    
collision hypothesis is testable. If it is true, the mantle rocks    
of the Moon and the Earth should be the same geochemically.    
(155 words)    
  
For the following question, consider each of the    
choices separately and select all that apply    
  
1. According to the passage, Mars and the Earth are    
similar in which of the following ways?    
  
A Their satellites were formed by collisions with    
other celestial bodies.    
B Their cores contain iron.    
C They were formed from the presolar nebula.    
  
  
  
2. The author implies that a nearly circular orbit is    
unlikely for a satellite that    
(A) circles one of the inner planets    
(B) is deficient in iron    
(C) is different from its planet geochemically    
(D) was formed by a collision between two celestial    
bodies    
(E) was formed out of the planet-forming materials    
in the presolar nebula    
  
3. Which of the following, if true, would be most likely    
to make it difficult to verify the collision hypothesis    
in the manner suggested by the author?    

                                                            本文由尚友原创或整理  

----------------------- Page 2-----------------------

                                                                                                 www.sharewithu.com  

(A) The Moon‘s core and mantle rock are almost    
inactive geologically.    
(B) The mantle rock of the Earth has changed in    
composition since the formation of the    
Moon, while the mantle rock of the Moon has    
remained chemically inert.    
(C) Much of the Earth‘s iron fell to the Earth‘s core    
long before the formation of the Moon, after    
which the Earth‘s mantle rock remained    
unchanged.    
(D) Certain of the Earth‘s elements, such as platinum,    
gold, and iridium, followed iron to the    
Earth‘s core.    
(E) The mantle rock of the Moon contains elements    
such as platinum, gold, and iridium.  

  

关于月亮起源的两种观点；  
  

Q1：Mars  和  earth 有什么区别？    
解析：定位至 line 3：  in the inner solar system (Mercury, Venus, Mars, and Earth)—from planet-forming  
materials in    
the presolar nebula.  正确答案 BC；  
  
Q2：a nearly circular orbit  不可能是怎样卫星的轨道？  
解析：定位至 One problem with the collision hypothesis is the question of how a satellite formed in this  
way could have settled into the nearly circular orbit that the Moon has today，正确答案 D；  
  
Q3：哪个选项使爆炸论难以证实？  
解析：文章说 moon 几乎不含铁，可能是地球的铁都集中到 core 去了之后，被别的星球炸飞的地球 
表面的一块。而如果月亮形成过程中地表的组成发生了变化，而月亮的成分没变，那么这些铁到底 
何去何从就无从解释了，爆炸论就站不住脚了。正确答案 B；  
  
A long-held view of the history of the English    
colonies that became the United States has been that    
England‘s policy toward these colonies before 1763 was    
dictated by commercial interests and that a change to a    
more imperial policy, dominated by expansionist militarist    
objectives, generated the tensions that ultimately led to the    
American Revolution. In a recent study, Stephen Saunders    
Webb has presented a formidable challenge to this view.    
According to Webb, England already had a military    
imperial policy for more than a century before the    
American Revolution. He sees Charles II, the English    
monarch between 1660 and 1685, as the proper successor    
of the Tudor monarchs of the sixteenth century and of    
Oliver Cromwell, all of whom were bent on extending    

                                                    本文由尚友原创或整理  

----------------------- Page 3-----------------------

                                                                                                  www.sharewithu.com  

centralized executive power over England‘s possessions    
through the use of what Webb calls ―garrison    
government.‖Garrison government allowed the colonists a    
legislative assembly but real authority, in Webb‘s view,    
belonged to the colonial governor, who was appointed by    
the king and supported by the ―garrison,‖ that is, by the    
local contingent of English troops under the colonial    
governor‘s command.    
According to Webb, the purpose of garrison    
government was to provide military support for a royal    
policy designed to limit the power of the upper classes in    
the American colonies. Webb argues that the colonial    
legislative assemblies represented the interests not of the    
common people but of the colonial upper classes, a    
coalition of merchants and nobility who favored self-rule    
and sought to elevate legislative authority at the expense of    
the executive. It was, according to Webb, the colonial    
governors who favored the small farmer, opposed the    
plantation system, and tried through taxation to break up    
large holdings of land. Backed by the military presence of    
the garrison, these governors tried to prevent the gentry and    
merchants, allied in the colonial assemblies, from    
transforming colonial America into a capitalistic oligarchy.    
Webb‘s study illuminates the political alignments that    
existed in the colonies in the century prior to the American    
Revolution, but his view of the crown‘s use of the military    
as an instrument of colonial policy is not entirely    
convincing. England during the seventeenth century was    
not noted for its military achievements. Cromwell did    
mount England‘s most ambitious overseas military    
expedition in more than a century, but it proved to be an    
utter failure. Under Charles II, the English army was too    
small to be a major instrument of government. Not until the    
war France in 1697 did William III persuade Parliament to    
create a professional standing army, and Parliaments price    
for doing so was to keep the army under tight legislative    
control. While it may be true that the crown attempted to    
curtail the power of the colonial upper classes, it is hard to    
imagine how the English army during the seventeenth    
century could have provided significant military support for    
such a policy.    
(473 words)    
  
4. The passage can best be described as a    
(A) survey of the inadequacies of a conventional    
viewpoint    

                                                    本文由尚友原创或整理  

----------------------- Page 4-----------------------

                                                                                                    www.sharewithu.com  

(B) reconciliation of opposing points of view    
(C) summary and evaluation of a recent study    
(D) defense of a new thesis from anticipated    
objections    
(E) review of the subtle distinctions between    
apparently similar views    
  
5. The passage suggests that the long-standing view    
referred to in the first paragraph argued that    
(A) the colonial governors were sympathetic to the    
demands of the common people    
(B) Charles II was a pivotal figure in the shift of    
English monarchs toward a more imperial    
policy in their governorship of the American    
colonies.    
(C) the American Revolution was generated largely    
out of a conflict between the colonial upper    
classes and an alliance of merchants and    
small farmers    
(D) the military did not play a major role as an    
instrument of colonial policy until 1763    
(E) the colonial legislative assemblies in the    
colonies had little influence over the    
colonial governors    
  
6. According to the passage, Webb views Charles II as    
the ―proper successor‖ (in the first paragraph) of the    
Tudor monarchs and Cromwell because Charles II    
(A) used colonial tax revenues to fund overseas    
military expeditions    
(B) used the military to extend executive power    
over the English colonies    
(C) wished to transform the American colonies into    
capitalistic oligarchies    
(D) resisted the English Parliament‘s efforts to exert    
control over the military    
(E) allowed the American colonists to use legislative    
assemblies as a forum for resolving    
grievances against the crown    
  
For the following question, consider each of the    
choices separately and select all that apply    
7. According to Webb‘s view of colonial history, which    
of the following was (were) true of the merchants    
and nobility mentioned in the second paragraph?    
A They were opposed to policies formulated by    

                                                       本文由尚友原创或整理  

----------------------- Page 5-----------------------

                                                                                                  www.sharewithu.com  

Charles II that would have transformed the    
colonies into capitalistic oligarchies.    
B They were opposed to attempts by the English    
crown to limit the power of the legislative    
assemblies.    
C They were united with small farmers in their    
opposition to the stationing of English troops    
in the colonies.  

  

我们先来看一下，这里面一个有名的难句：  
  
A  long-held  view  of  the  history  of  English  colonies  that  became  the  United  States  has  been  that  
England‘s  policy  toward  these  colonies  before  1763  was  dictated  by  commercial  interests  and  that  a  
change to a more imperial policy  ，  dominated by expansionist militarist objectives   ，  generated the  
tensions that ultimately led to the American Revolution .                  （4+ ）  
  

一个对于后来成了美国的英国殖民地的历史的长久以来的观点，认为英国在 1763 年以前对于这些殖 
民地的政策被经济利益所支配，而且认为一种向着更大程度帝国制度的政策上的转变——为扩张主 
义的军事目标所左右——产生了最终导致美国革命的紧张气氛。  
  
难句类型：复杂修饰、插入语  
  
解释：主架构简单，可是主语和表语从句都不让人省心。句子的主干其实就是：A long-held view has  
been  that……。但是主语A  long-held  view 之后却是修饰它的一个三层的定语：of  the  history  of  the  
english colonies that became the United States.系动词 has been 之后所接的表语从句其实不止一个， 
其实原句是用了 and 来连接两个并列的表语从句，has  been  that…and  has  been  that…。后面的 has  
been 照例被省略。  
  
Q4.   旧观点-被挑战-作者再质疑新观点，所以是对新观点的  evaluation ,  选 C；  
  
Q5.  第一句恶心的长难句表达的意思是在  1763  年之前英格兰的政策是倾向商业的，而之后一个逐 
渐向军事统治扩张的变化，导致了独立战争。  如果读着费劲，可以对 Webb   的观点取反。答案选 
D.  
  
Q6.  关键词回文定位：“all of whom were bent on extending centralized executive power over England’s  
possessions through the use of what Webb calls ―garrison government.”答案  B    
  
Q7. Except  题：    
A.  “Backed  by  the  military  presence  of  the  garrison,  these governors  tried  to prevent  the gentry  and  
merchants,  allied  in  the  colonial  assemblies,  from  transforming  colonial  America  into  a  capitalistic  

oligarchy.”动作的发出者搞错了。    
B.  the purpose of  garrison government was  to provide  military support  for a  royal policy designed to  
limit the power of the upper classes    

C.  没提“the stationing of English troops”  正确答案 B；  
  
At the Shadybrook dog kennel, all the adult animals were    

                                                     本文由尚友原创或整理  

----------------------- Page 6-----------------------

                                                                                                    www.sharewithu.com  

given a new medication designed to reduce a dog‘s risk of    
contracting a certain common infection. Several days after    
the medication was administered, most of the puppies of    
these dogs had elevated temperatures. Since raised body    
temperature is a side effect of this medication, the kennel    
owner hypothesized that the puppies‘ elevated temperatures    
resulted from the medication‘s being passed to them    
through their mothers‘ milk.    
  
8. Which of the following, if true, provides the most    
support for the kennel owner‘s hypothesis?    
(A) Some puppies have been given the new medication    
directly but have not suffered elevated    
temperatures as a side effect.    
(B) The new medication has been well received by dog    
breeders as a safe and effective way of preventing    
the spread of certain common canine infections.    
(C) None of the four puppies in the kennel who had    
been bottle-fed with formula had elevated    
temperatures.    
(D) an elevated temperature is a side effect of a    
number of medications for dogs other than the new    
medication administered at the kennel.    
(E) Elevated temperatures such as those suffered by    
most of the puppies in the kennel rarely have    
serious long-term effects on a puppy‘s health.  
  
The social sciences are less likely than other intellectual    
enterprises to get credit for their accomplishments.    
Arguably, this is so because the theories and conceptual    
constructs of the social sciences are especially accessible:    
human intelligence apprehends truths about human affairs    
with particular facility.    
This underappreciation of the social sciences contrasts    
oddly with what many see as their overutilization. Game    
theory is pressed into service in studies of shifting    
international alliances. Evaluation research is called upon    
to demonstrate successes or failures of social programs. Yet    
this rush into practical applications is itself quite    
understandable: public policy must continually be made,    
and policymakers rightly feel that even tentative findings    
and untested theories are better guides to decision-making    
than no findings and no theories at all.    
(123 words)    
  
9. Select the sentence in the passage in which the author    

                                                      本文由尚友原创或整理  

----------------------- Page 7-----------------------

                                                                                             www.sharewithu.com  

refers to the same meaning as the ―overu liza on‖ of    
the social sciences.    
  
  

阅读 1：  
  
Q8 :  其他没有母乳喂养的狗体温不上升  所以体温上升是因为喝了母乳。。。所以选 C。  注意：此处 
36 套答案给的 E，错误！  
  
阅读 2 的翻译：  
与其它知识学科相比，诸社会科学不太可能因为其成就而获得赞誉。正如可论证的那样，这之所以 
如此，是因为社会科学的理论和概念尤其易于理解：人类的智力在领悟有关人类事务的真理时格外 
轻而易举。此外，社会科学的发现，一旦被分离开来并被贴上标签予以归类，很快就被吸收到传统 
智慧中，这样一来，它们便失去其作为科学进行的独特性。  
    奇怪的是，这种对社会科学的不充分欣赏（underappreciation）与另一种情形构成了对比，这 
就是在许多人看来对它们的过度利用（over utilization ）。博弈理论（Game Theory ）被强行逼迫效力 
于对不断变换的国际联盟的研究。评估研究（evaluation  research ）被召唤去论证社会项目的成败。 
来自经济学的人口统计学的模型成为决定性的工具，用以检验社会保险的金融基础。然则，这种对 
实际应用的匆忙投入就其本身而言相当可以理解：公共政策必须被持续不断地制定出来，而政策制 
定者不无道理地觉得，即使带有尝试性的研究发现和未经检验的理论对于决策过程来说，总要比根 
本没有研究发现和根本没有理论更有指导作用。  
  
阅读 2：  
  

Q9:  找 overutilization 的同义句？  
解析：rutilization 是利用，那么over---  就是过度利用咯，所以选Yet this rush into practical application...  
  
Zooplankton, tiny animals adapted to an existence in the    
ocean, have evolved clever mechanisms for obtaining their    
food, miniscule phytoplankton (plant plankton). A very    
specialized feeding adaptation in zooplankton is that of the    
tadpolelike appendicularian who lives in a walnut-sized (or    
smaller) balloon of mucus equipped with filters that capture    
and concentrate phytoplankton. The balloon, a transparent    
structure that varies in design according to the type of    
appendicularian inhabiting it, also protects the animal and    
helps to keep it afloat. Water containing phytoplankton is    
pumped by the appendicularian‘s muscular tail into the    
balloon‘s incurrent filters, passes through the feeding filter    
where the appendicularian sucks the food into its mouth,    
and then goes through an exit passage. Found in all the    
oceans of the world, including the Arctic Ocean,    
appendicularians tend to remain near the water‘s surface    
where the density of phytoplankton is greatest.    
(143 words)    
  

                                                 本文由尚友原创或整理  

----------------------- Page 8-----------------------

                                                                                             www.sharewithu.com  

10. It can be inferred from the passage that which of the    
following is true of appendicularians?    
  
(A) They are exclusively carnivorous.    
(B) They have more than one method of obtaining    
food.    
(C) They can tolerate frigid water.    
(D) They can disguise themselves by secreting    
mucus.    
(E) They are more sensitive to light than are other    
zooplankton.  

  

阅读 1：  
  

先上翻译：  
浮游动物（zooplankton ），即适应于海洋生活的微小动物，已演变出甚为聪明的机制用来获取其食 
物，即极小的浮游植物群落（phytoplankton），或曰植物浮游生物（plant plankton）。浮游动物体内 
一种极特殊的进食适应性变化是蝌蚪状的尾海鞘纲动物（appendicularian ）的那种适应性变化，而 
尾海鞘纲动物则存活于核桃大小（或更小）的黏液球囊内，装备有过滤器，用以捕捉和集中浮游植 
物。该球囊乃一透明结构，依据栖息于其中的尾海鞘纲动物种类的不同而在构造上有所差异。它也 
能起到保护球囊内动物的作用，并帮助该动物漂浮于水面。含水的浮游植物被尾海鞘纲动物肌肉发 
达的尾巴泵入球囊的入水过滤器内，流经进食过滤器（尾海鞘纲动物在这里将食物吸吮入口内），然 
后经过一外泄通道。尾海鞘纲动物在世界上所有的海洋中都可被发现，包括北冰洋。这类动物倾向 
于呆在海水表面，因为那儿的浮游植物密度为最高。  
  
Q10 ：定位至文章末尾 Found  in  all  the  oceans  of  the  world,  including  the  Arctic  Ocean,  可知  
appendicularians  不怕冷，正确答案选 C；  
  

                                                本文由尚友原创或整理  
