----------------------- Page 1-----------------------

                                                                                         www.sharewithu.com  

                                                         Exercise 23    

The common belief of some linguists that each language    
is a perfect vehicle for the thoughts of the nation speaking    
it is in some ways the exact counterpart of the conviction of    
the Manchester school of economics that supply and    
demand will regulate everything for the best. Just as    
economists were blind to the numerous cases in which the    
law of supply and demand left actual wants unsatisfied, so    
also many linguists are deaf to those instances in which the    
very nature of a language calls forth misunderstandings in    
everyday conversation, and in which, consequently, a word    
has to be modified or defined in order to present the idea    
intended by the speaker: "He took his stick-no, not John's,    
but his own." No language is perfect, and if we admit this    
truth, we must also admit that it is not unreasonable to    
investigate the relative merits of different languages or of    
different details in languages. ( 155 words)    
  
1.The primary purpose of the passage is to    
(A) analyze an interesting feature of the English    
language    
(B) refute a belief held by some linguists    
(C) show that economic theory is relevant to    
linguistic study    
(D) illustrate the confusion that can result from the    
improper use of language    
(E) suggest a way in which languages can be made    
more nearly perfect    
  
For the following question, consider each of the    
choices separately and select all that apply    
2. The misunderstanding presented by the author in    
the passage is similar to which of the following?    
A X uses the word "you" to refer to a group, but Y    
thinks that X is referring to one person only.    
B X mistakenly uses the word "anomaly"    
to refer to a typical example, but Y knows that    
"anomaly" means "exception."    
C X uses the word "bachelor" to mean "unmarried    
man," but Y mistakenly thinks that bachelor means    
"unmarried woman."    
  
3.In presenting the argument, the author does all of    
the following EXCEPT    
(A) give an example    

                                                      本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                   1  

----------------------- Page 2-----------------------

                                                                                         www.sharewithu.com  

(B) draw a conclusion    
(C) make a generalization    
(D) make a comparison    
(E) present a paradox  

  

  

阅读2：  
讲解：此文乃非常典型的新老观点对比型的文章。此类文章一般在开头提出一个老观点，接着 GRE 
阅读作者一般对反对老观点。在此，开头的观点为“一些语言学家普遍认为语言是一种完美的载体” 。 
但是后来作者通过分析得出“没有语言是完美的” 。因此属于典型的新老观点对比性。  
  

Q1：文章主旨？  
解析：根据以上分析可知，正确答案B；  
  

Q2：原文歧义是由于指代不明，因此正确选项A ；  
  

Q3：一下那种论证方式文中没有提及？  
解析：A B D 选项应该是显而易见的；大家可能对make a generalization 存疑，在这里，它指“做推广”， 
i.e.   由一个事物能够推出另一个事物。从文中我们可以看到No  language  is  perfect,  and  if we  admit  
this truth, we must also admit that ...,  所以C 选项文中有提及；正确答案E。因为通篇都是在否定， 
不存在paradox。  
  
  
Currently, there are two models of solar activity. The    
first supposes that the Sun's internal motions (caused by    
rotation and convection) interact with its large-scale    
magnetic field to produce a dynamo, a device in which    
mechanical energy is converted into the energy of a    
magnetic field. In short, the Sun's large-scale magnetic    
field is taken to be self-sustaining, so that the solar-    
activity cycle it drives would be maintained with little    
overall change for perhaps billions of years. The    
alternative explanation supposes that the Sun's large-scale    
magnetic field is a remnant of the field the Sun acquired    
when it formed, and is not sustained against decay. In this    
model, the solar mechanism dependent on the Sun's    
magnetic field runs down more quickly. Thus, the    
characteristics of the solar-activity cycle could be    
expected to change over a long period of time.    
(140 words)    
  
  
4.Which of the following statements about the two    
models of solar activity, as they are described in the    
passage, is accurate?    
  

                                                       本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                    2  

----------------------- Page 3-----------------------

                                                                                       www.sharewithu.com  

(A) In both models cyclical solar activity is regarded    
as a long-lived feature of the Sun, persisting    
with little change over billions of years.    
(B) In both models the solar-activity cycle is    
hypothesized as being dependent on the    
large-scale solar magnetic field.    
(C) In one model the Sun's magnetic field is    
thought to play a role in causing solar activity,    
whereas in the other model it is not.    
(D) In one model solar activity is presumed to be    
unrelated to terrestrial phenomena, whereas    
in the other model solar activity is thought to    
have observable effects on the Earth.    
(E) In one model cycles of solar activity with period-    
icities longer than a few decades arc    
considered to be impossible, whereas in the other    
model such cycles are predicted.    
  
Like most other coastal towns in Norway, the town of    
Stavanger was quiet and peaceful until the early 1960's,    
when it became Norway's center for offshore oil    
exploration. Between then and now, violent crime and    
vandalism in Stavanger have greatly increased.    
Stavanager's social problems probably resulted from the    
oil boom, since violent crime and vandalism have    
remained low in coastal towns in Norway that have had    
no oil boom.    
5. Which of the following most accurately describes the    
method of reasoning employed in the argument?    
(A) Arguing that a circumstance is not a precondition    
for a phenomenon on the grounds that the    
phenomenon sometimes occurs where the    
circumstance is not present    
(B) Arguing that a circumstance is a cause of a    
phenomenon on the grounds that the    
phenomenon has not occurred where the    
circumstance is not present    
(C) Arguing that a particular thing cannot have    
caused a phenomenon because that thing was not    
present before the phenomenon occurred    
(D) Attempting to establish a claim by arguing that    
the denial of the claim is inconsistent with the    
observed facts    
(E) Attempting to establish that certain circumstances    
that would have had to occur for a particular    
explanation to be correct could not have occurred  

                                                     本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                 3  

----------------------- Page 4-----------------------

                                                                                          www.sharewithu.com  

  

Q4. B    
Q5. B  
  

I.  文章结构:  
首句，solar activity 有两种模式；  
The first supposes that 介绍第一种模式   内部运动和large-scale magnetic field 相互作用，产生的作用 
能转化为磁场能。in short, large-scale magnetic field 可自我维持-->solar activity cycle maintains little  
change over years;  
The alternative explanation supposes that 介绍第二种模式  large-scale magnetic field 为remnant,不可 
 自我维持  -->依赖于此的solar mechanism runs down quickly  --> solar activity cycle 可能change over  
long years.  
  
Q4 选项：  
A.  主语cyclical solar activity,即文中的solar activity cycle 。选项描述的是第一种模式；  
B.  从文章结构的整理中，可以看出，solar activity cycle 对large-scale magnetic field 为依赖关系；  
C.  参考B;  
D.  文章没有提到solar activity 和terrestrial phenomena  的关系；  
E. impossible/predicted.  文中未提到。  
  
II.    

Q5.  B 选项，  定位，  a  circumstance  -->  oil  exploration  in  the  town;  a  phenomenon  -->  crime  and  
vandalism have greatly increased.  
                                                                                                                               ---------------该段分析来自  JudyHan817  

  

Modern archaeological finds can still contribute    
much to the study of ancient literature. For example, forty    
years ago a survey of the early Greek dramatist    
Aeschylus' plays would have started with The Suppliant    
Women. Many factors internal to the play, but perhaps    
most especially the prominence of the chorus, led    
scholars to consider it one of Aeschylus' earlier works.    
The consensus was that here was a drama truly reflecting    
an early stage in the evolution of tragedy out of choral    
lyric. The play was dated as early as the 490's B.C., in    
any event, well before Aeschylus' play The Persians of    
472 B.C. Then, in 1952, a fragment of papyrus found at    
Oxyrhynchus was published. The fragment announced    
that Aeschylus won first prize with his Danaid tetralogy,    
of which The Suppliant Women is the opening play, and    
defeated Sophocles in the process. Sophocles did not    
compete in any dramatic contest before 468 B.C., when    
he won his first victory. Hence, the Danaid tetralogy must    
be put after 468 B.C. (169 words)    
  
6. According to the passage, in the absence of definite    

                                                        本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                     4  

----------------------- Page 5-----------------------

                                                                                      www.sharewithu.com  

knowledge concerning the dates of composition of    
ancient literary works, literary historians do which    
of the following when trying to establish the    
chronology of an author's work?    
  
(A) Make assumptions about a single work's date    
of composition if such assumptions would    
not seriously affect interpretations of other    
works by the same author.    
(B) Draw inferences concerning the date of a    
work's composition based on evidence internal    
to that work and on the author's other works.    
(C) Ignore the date of a work's composition which    
is supplied by archaeological research when    
literary factors internal to the work contradict    
that date.    
(D) Refrain from speculation concerning a work's    
date of composition unless archaeological    
finds produce information concerning it.    
(E) Estimate the date of a work's composition    
without attempting to relate it to the author's    
development as an artist.  

  

首句，TS.现代考古学可以contribute to 古代literature study.  那么，下面的例证肯定应该是展开这一 
点；  
for example,开始例证。1) then 之前，推论the suppliant women  的产生年代490 B.C.，根据是，internal  
factors-chorus 和对比其他作品，the  Persian  2)  then 之后，考古学发现，the  suppliant  women 作为 
tetralogy 的一部分，应该作于468 B.C.之后。  
  

Q6  提干：how do literary historians establish the chronology of an author's work?  
选项：  
1)  扫了五个选项的第一个词组，决定最后看C ignore,先看A,B,D,E;  
2) A,  对比关联other works interpretation,错误；  
3) B, then 之前部分，正确；  
4) D,否定了then 之前部分；  
5) E,  未提吧；  
6) C,说反了。                                  -------------------------该段分析来自  JudyHan817  
  
As Gilbert White, Darwin, and others observed long    
ago, all species appear to have the innate capacity to    
increase their numbers from generation to generation. The    
task for ecologists is to untangle the environmental and    
biological factors that hold this intrinsic capacity for    
population growth in check over the long run. The great    
variety of dynamic behaviors exhibited by different    
populations makes this task more difficult: some    

                                                   本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                               5  

----------------------- Page 6-----------------------

                                                                                      www.sharewithu.com  

populations remain roughly constant from year to year;    
others exhibit regular cycles of abundance and scarcity; still    
others vary wildly, with outbreaks and crashes that are in    
some cases plainly correlated with the weather, and in other    
cases not.    
To impose some order on this kaleidoscope of patterns,    
one school of thought proposes dividing populations into    
two groups. These ecologists posit that the relatively steady    
populations have "density- dependent" growth parameters;    
that is, rates of birth, death, and migration which depend    
strongly on population density. The highly varying    
populations have "density-independent" growth parameters,    
with vital, rates buffeted by environmental events; these    
rates fluctuate in a way that is wholly independent of    
population density.    
This dichotomy has its uses, but it can cause problems    
if taken too literally. For one thing, no population can be    
driven entirely by density-independent factors all the time.    
No matter how severely or unpredictably birth, death and    
migration rates may be fluctuating around their long-term    
averages, if there were no density-dependent effects, the    
population would, in the long run, either increase or    
decrease without bound (barring a miracle by which gains    
and losses canceled exactly). Put another way, it may be    
that on average 99 percent of all deaths in a population    
arise from density-independent causes, and only one    
percent from factors varying with density. The factors    
making up the one percent may seem unimportant, and    
their cause may be correspondingly hard to determine. Yet,    
whether recognized or not, they will usually determine the    
long-term average population density.    
In order to understand the nature of the ecologist's    
investigation, we may think of the density-dependent    
effects on growth parameters as the "signal" ecologists    
are trying to isolate and interpret, one that tends to make    
the population increase from relatively low values or    
decrease from relatively high ones, while the density-    
independent effects act to produce "noise" in the population    
dynamics. For populations that remain relatively constant,    
or that oscillate around repeated cycles, the signal can be    
fairly easily characterized and its effects described, even    
though the causative biological mechanism may remain    
unknown. For irregularly fluctuating populations, we are    
likely to have too few observations to have any hope of    
extracting the signal from the overwhelming noise. But it    
now seems clear that all populations are regulated by a    

                                                    本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                6  

----------------------- Page 7-----------------------

                                                                                          www.sharewithu.com  

mixture of density- dependent and density-independent    
effects in varying proportions.  
  
7.The author of the passage is primarily concerned with    
(A) discussing two categories of factors that control    
population growth and assessing their relative    
importance    
(B) describing how growth rates in natural popula-    
tions fluctuate over time and explaining why    
these changes occur    
(C) proposing a hypothesis concerning population    
sizes and suggesting ways to test it    
(D) posing a fundamental question about environ-    
mental factors in population growth and pre-    
senting some currently accepted answers    
(E) refuting a commonly accepted theory about    
population density and offering a new alter-    
native    
  
8. Select the sentence in the passage that presents the    
author‘s attitude toward the dichotomy discussed in the    
second paragraph.    
  
  
  
9.Which of the following statements can be inferred    
from the last paragraph?    
(A) For irregularly fluctuating populations, doubling    
the number of observations made will    
probably result in the isolation of density-    
dependent effects.    
(B) Density-dependent effects on population    
dynamics do not occur as frequently as do    
density-independent effects.    
(C) At present, ecologists do not understand any    
of the underlying causes of the density-    
dependent effects they observe in population    
dynamics..    
(D) Density-dependent effects on growth parameters    
are thought to be caused by some sort of    
biochemical "signaling" that ecologists hope    
eventually to understand.    
(E) It is sometimes possible to infer the existence of    
a density-dependent factor controlling population    
growth without understanding its    
causative mechanism.    

                                                        本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                     7  

----------------------- Page 8-----------------------

                                                                                www.sharewithu.com  

  
For the following question, consider each of the    
choices separately and select all that apply    
10. .According to the passage, all of the following    
behaviors have been exhibited by different    
populations    
  
A roughly constant population levels from year to year    
B regular cycles of increases and decreases in numbers    
C erratic increases in numbers correlated with the    
weather  

  

该文来自考研英语阅读：  
[参考译文]  
  

正如吉尔伯特·怀特、达尔文以及其它科学家很久以前观察的那样，所有的物种都具有一种天生的能 
力来一代一代地增加它们种群的数量。生态学家的使命就是调查清楚环境和生态因素长期以来是如 
何控制这种致使种群增长的内在能力的。由于不同种群所表现出来的动态行为是如此多样化，致使 
这项任务显得非常困难：有些种群长期以来大致保持不变;有些表现出周期性的繁荣和稀少;而还有 
些变化非常大，时而暴增，时而锐减，这种增减有时显然与气候有关，而有时又与气候无关。  
  

为了赋予这些千变万化的模式一种规律，科学家中的一种流派提出将所有种群划分为两类。这部分 
生态学家假设：那些相对稳定的种群具有和“种群密度相关”的增长参数;也就是说，这些种群的出生 
率、死亡率以及迁徙规律都大大地依赖于种群的密度。那些变化很大的种群具有“种群密度无关”的 
增长参数，其生存率随环境因素的变化而变化，并且以一种完全独立于种群密度的方式进行波动。  
  

这种二分法有它的用途，但如果死板地应用也会引发一些问题。一方面，没有任何种群在所有的时 
间里完全只受“种群密度无关”因素的影响。无论出生、死亡率以及迁徙规律相对于长期的平均值的 
变化是如何的剧烈和不可预测，如果没有种群密度无关因素，从长远来看，这个种群的数量将无限 
地增加或减少(从而阻碍了得失正好相消的奇迹的发生)。换一句话讲，也许种群内平均 99%的死亡 
都由“种群密度无关”因素导致的，只有 1%由随种群密度变化而变化的因素所导致。导致这1%的因 
素也许看起来并不重要，而且它们的影响也相应地很难确定。但是，无论认识到或没有认识到，它 
们都将对该种群密度长期的平均值起决定作用。  
  

为了能够理解生态学家们研究的性质，我们可以把种群密度相关对增长参数的影响视为一种“信号”， 
生态学家试图分离并解释这些“信号”，这种“信号”将使种群中个体数量从相对低的数值增长或从相 
对高的数值减少，同时，密度无关因素将作为一种“噪音”来影响种群的动态变化。对于那些数量保 
持相对不变，或者以一种循环周期进行摆动的种群而言，这种“信号”将会相当容易提取特征并描述 
它的影响，即使我们仍不知道作为原因的生物机制。对那些变化不规则的种群，我们可能因为观察 
太小而无法从繁多的“噪音” 中提取那一信号。但是，现在显得很清楚的是，所有种群都受“种群密度 
相关”和“种群密度无关”两类因素在不同程度上的共同制约。  

  

  

Q7 A    
Q8  第三段首句  
Q9     E  

                                             本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                        8  

----------------------- Page 9-----------------------

                                                                                         www.sharewithu.com  

Q10 ABC  
  

文章结构:  
  

首段，提出问题  -> ecologists 需要解决的问题  (untangle the factors that hold) ->指出这个task 的困难 
之处  (variety of dynamic of different populations),  例证之；  
  

第二段，旧方法，两分法。两种growth parameters: density-dependent/density-independent;  
  
第三段，否定旧方法。原因，for one thing...put another way...;  
  

第四段，新方法，a mixture of two effects. 1) density-dependent effect  为需要isolate and interpret 的 
‘signal',其主要作用为让population 不要太高也不要太低；density-independent effect 为'noise' 2) for  
populations remain constant or oscillate around repeated cycles, signal 易identify,  尽管，机制不明；for  
population irregularly fluctuated,  不易从noise 中extract 出signal 3)  总结，but 引导出结论，两个effect 
共同作用于population 数量。  
  

Q7  主旨题，文章讨论两个effect，介绍并比较。扫完五个选项前三四个词组，选定A;  
  

Q8 dichotomy 快速定位；  
  

Q9   ：  
D  选项，最大的错误就是  d  d  effect  是作为 signal，而不是 caused  by  some  sort  of  biochemical  
"signaling"  
E 选项，定位‘But  it  now  seems  clear  that  all  populations  are  regulated  by  a  mixture  of  density-  
dependent and density-independent effects in varying proportions.‘；  
A 选项，fluctuating...density-dependent,错误，应该对应density-independent;  
B 选项，do not occur as frequently as 错误，两者同等地位；  
C 选项，any 错，只是一部分不明。  
  
Q10  首段最后的例证部分，正好三点。          -------------该段分析来自  JudyHan817  

                                                      本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                   9  
