----------------------- Page 1-----------------------

                                                                                      www.sharewithu.com  

                                                       Exercise 30    

Sex-defined protective laws have often been based on    
stereotypical assumptions concerning women's needs and    
abilities, and employers have frequently used them as legal    
excuses for discriminating against women. After the Second    
World War, for example, businesses and government sought    
to persuade women to vacate jobs in factories, thus making    
room in the labor force for returning veterans. The revival    
or passage of state laws limiting the daily or weekly work    
hours of women conveniently accomplished this. Employers    
had only to declare that overtime hours were a necessary    
condition of employment or promotion in their factory, and    
women could be quite legally fired, refused jobs, or kept at    
low wage levels, all in the name of "protecting" their health.    
At the same time, even the most well- intentioned    
lawmakers, courts, and employers have often been blind to    
the real needs of women. The lawmakers and the courts    
continue to permit employers to offer employee health    
insurance plans that cover all known human medical    
disabilities except those relating to pregnancy and childbirth.    
(170 words)    
1. According to the author, which of the following    
resulted from the passage or revival of state laws    
limiting the work hours of women workers?    
(A) Women workers were compelled to leave their jobs in    
factories.    
(B) Many employers had difficulty in providing jobs for    
returning veterans.    
(C) Many employers found it hard to attract women    
workers.    
(D) The health of most women factory workers improved.    
(E) Employment practices that addressed the real needs of    
women workers became common.    
  
2. The author places the word "protecting" in quotation    
marks most likely in order to suggest that    
(A) she is quoting the actual wording of the laws in    
question    
(B) the protective nature of the laws in question    
should not be overlooked    
(C) protecting the health of workers is important to    
those who support protective labor laws    
(D) the laws in question were really used to the    
detriment of women workers, despite being    
overtly protective in intent    

                                                    本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                1  

----------------------- Page 2-----------------------

                                                                              www.sharewithu.com  

(E) the health of workers is not in need of protection,    
even in jobs where many hours of overtime work    
are required  

  

阅读 2 ：参考翻译：  

  

以性别为界限的保护性法律通常是根据有关妇女的需要和能力的陈腐性假想为基础的，而且雇主也经常 

使用这些法律作为他们歧视妇女的合法借口。例如，第事次世界大战乊后，企业和**都企图说服妇女离 

开她们的工厂中的工作，从而为回国的老兵们在劳动力市场中空出位子。恢复或通过限制妇女每天或每 

周工作时间的州法律，很容易地就实现了上述的目标。雇主只需声称超时加班是在他们的工厂进行工作 

或提升的必要条件，这样妇女就被合法地解雇，被拒绝给予工作或者保持一种较低的工资水平，所有这 

些都以  “保护”妇女健康的名义得以实现。当受到法律诉讼时，法庭在过去数年中一直与雇主合谋共同 

建立一种男女不同的，对妇女更为不利的雇佣条件，从而降低了妇女在就业市场上的竞争力。同时，即 

使那些最善意的立法者、法庭和雇主也经常对妇女的真实需求视而不见。法律制定者和法庭都继续允许 

雇主向雇员提供这样的健康保险计划，它包含了所有已知的人类疾病，但却未包括那些与怀孕和生育相 

关的医疗内容。  

  

Q1 ：A  

这是一道指代词题型。考生可根据题干中的  “the  passage  or revival  of  state  laws  limiting  the  

work hours of women workers”将本题迅速定位在第三句，该句中的指代词  “this”暗示本题的正 

确答案应该在第事句。这样就可以找出本题的正确答案 A。考生在解题时一定要注意指代词。  

  

Q2 ：D  

本题是一道标点符号题。英诧作为一种诧文，标点符号是非常重要的。在原文中  “protecting”一词被 

打上引号，其含义是  “所谓的保护” ，作者所表达的真实含义是 “没有起到保护作用的保护”。由此可 

见本题的正确答案应该是 D。考生在解题时要重视标点符号，尤其是一些特殊的标点符号。  

  

3.A society can achieve a fair distribution of resources    
only under conditions of economic growth. There can    
be no economic growth unless the society guarantees    
equality of economic opportunity to all of its citizens.    
Equality of economic opportunity cannot be    
guaranteed unless a society's government actively    
works to bring it about.    
If the statements given are true, it can be properly    
concluded from them that    
(A) no government can achieve a fair distribution of    
resources under conditions of economic growth    
(B) all societies that guarantee equality of economic    
opportunity to all of their members are societies    
that distribute resources fairly    
(C) a society can achieve a fair distribution of    
resources only if its government actively works    

                                           本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                      2  

----------------------- Page 3-----------------------

                                                                                         www.sharewithu.com  

to bring about equality of economic opportunity    
(D) there can be no economic growth in a society    
unless that society guarantees a fair distribution    
of resources    
(E) some societies that experience economic growth    
fail to guarantee equality of opportunity to all of    
their citizens    
  
The sweep of narrative in A. N. Wilson's biography of C. S.    
Lewis is impressive and there is much that is acute and well    
argued. But much in this work is careless and unworthy of its    
author. Wilson, a novelist and an accomplished biographer,    
has failed to do what any writer on such a subject as Lewis    
ought to do, namely work out a coherent view of how the    
various literary works by the subject are to be described and    
commented on. Decisions have to be made on what to look at    
in detail and what to pass by with just a mention. Wilson has    
not thought this problem out. For instance, Till We Have    
Faces, Lewis' treatment of the Eros and Psyche story and one    
of his best-executed and most moving works, is merely    
mentioned by Wilson, though it illuminates Lewis' spiritual    
development, whereas Lewis' minor work Pilgrim's Regress is    
looked at in considerable detail. (156 words)    
  
For the following question, consider each of the    
choices separately and select all that apply    
4.The author of the passage implies that Wilson's    
examination of Pilgrim's Regress    
A was disproportionately long relative to the amount of    
effort Lewis devoted to writing Pilgrim's Regress    
B was more extensive than warranted because of the    
relative unimportance of Pilgrim's Regress    
C is not as coherent as his treatment of Till We Have    
Faces    
  
5.The author of the passage would be most likely to    
agree with which of the following statements regarding    
Till We Have Faces?    
(A)  It is an improvement over the Eros and Psyche    
story on which it is based.    
(B) It illustrated Lewis' attempt to involve his readers    
emotionally in the story of Eros and Psyche.    
(C) It was more highly regarded by Wilson than by    
Lewis himself.    
(D) It is one of the outstanding literary achievements    

                                                      本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                   3  

----------------------- Page 4-----------------------

                                                                                www.sharewithu.com  

of Lewis' career.    
(E) It is probably one of the most popular of Lewis'    
works.    
  
6.Which of the following best describes the organization    
of the passage?    
(A) An evaluation is made, and aspects of the evaluation    
are expanded on with supporting evidence.    
(B) A theory is proposed, and supporting examples are    
provided.    
(C) A position is examined, analyzed, and rejected.    
(D) A contradiction is described, then the points of    
contention are evaluated and reconciled.    
(E) Opposing views are presented and evaluated, then    
modifications are advocated.  

  

阅读一：  

fair distribution—growth--equality—actively works.  所以选 C ；  

  

阅读 2 ：  

参考翻译：  

在 A·N·威尔逊（Wilson ）撰写的关二C·S·刘易斯（Lewis ）的传记中，叙亊的    

恢宏气势给人印象深刻，相当一部分的内容敏锐且论辩有力。然则，这部作品中也有很    

大一部分内容显得粗枝大叶，与其作用幵不相称。作为一个小说家和富有造诣的传记作    

家，威尔逊没能做到仸何一个作家在处理象刘易斯这样一位传主时都应该能做到的亊    

情，即阐述一个连贯的观点，以说明由传主（指主易斯）所创作的不同文学作品应如何    

加以描述和评价。传记作者必须作出定夺，什么应该详加分析，什么可稍作提及即可一    

略而过。威尔逊却没有把这个问题思考妥当。例如，Till We Have Faces 这部作品涉及    

到作者刘易斯对爱欲和心灵这一故亊的处理，幵构成了他最精湛和最动人的作品乊一。    

尽管作品足以阐明刘易斯的心路历程，但仅得到威尔逊约略的提及；而与此相反，刘易    

斯的次要作品，即 Pilgrim’s Regress ，却得到了甚为细致详尽的分析。  

  

Q4. Lewis' treatment of the Eros and Psyche story and one of his best-executed and    

most moving works, is merely mentioned by Wilson, though it illuminates Lewis'    

spiritual development, whereas Lewis' minor work Pilgrim's Regress is looked at    

in considerable detail.    

答案 B ；    

  

Q5.    

                                             本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                       4  

----------------------- Page 5-----------------------

                                                                                     www.sharewithu.com  

                                                                                                                                          
  

答案 D ；    

Q6.    

                                                                                                                               

                                                                                                                                           

The two claws of the mature American lobster are    
decidedly different from each other. The crusher claw is    
short and stout; the cutter claw is long and slender. This    
bilateral asymmetry begins to appear in the juvenile sixth    
stage of development. One possible explanation is that    
differential use of the claws determines their asymmetry;    
the claw that is used more becomes the crusher.    

                                                   本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                               5  

----------------------- Page 6-----------------------

                                                                                        www.sharewithu.com  

To test this hypothesis, researchers raised lobsters in the    
juvenile fourth and fifth stages of development in a    
laboratory environment in which the lobsters could    
manipulate oyster chips. Under these conditions, the    
lobsters developed asymmetric claws, half with crusher    
claws on the left, and half with crusher claws on the right.    
In contrast, when juvenile lobsters were reared in a smooth    
tank without the oyster chips, the majority developed two    
cutter claws. This unusual configuration of symmetrical    
cutter claws did not change when the lobsters were    
subsequently placed in a manipulatable environment or    
when they lost and regenerated one or both claws.    
(165 words)    
  
7.The passage is primarily concerned with    
(A) drawing an analogy between asymmetry in    
lobsters and handedness in humans    
(B) developing a method for predicting whether    
crusher claws in lobsters will appear on the    
left or right side    
(C) explaining differences between lobsters'    
crusher claws and cutter claws    
(D) discussing a possible explanation for the way    
bilateral asymmetry is determined in lobsters    
(E) summarizing the stages of development of the    
lobster    
8.It can be inferred that of the two laboratory    
environments mentioned in the passage, the one with    
oyster chips was designed to    
(A) prove that the presence of oyster chips was not    
necessary for the development of a crusher    
claw.    
(B) prove that the relative length of time that the    
lobsters were exposed to the oyster-chip    
environment had little impact on the development    
of a crusher claw    
(C) eliminate the environment as a possible influence    
in the development of a crusher claw    
(D) control on which side the crusher claw develops    
(E) simulate the conditions that lobsters encounter    
in their natural environment    
  
9.Which of the following conditions does the    
passage suggest is a possible cause for the failure    
of a lobster to develop a crusher claw?    

                                                      本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                  6  

----------------------- Page 7-----------------------

                                                                                        www.sharewithu.com  

(A) The loss of a claw during the third or earlier    
stage of development    
(B) The loss of a claw during the fourth or fifth    
stage of development    
(C) The loss of a claw during the sixth stage of    
development    
(D) Development in an environment devoid of material    
that can be manipulated    
(E) Development in an environment that changes    
frequently throughout the stages of development    
  
  
10. Which of the following, if true, most logically    
completes the passage?    
Every fusion reaction releases neutrinos. To test a    
hypothesis about the frequency of fusion reactions in the    
Sun, physicists calculated the number of neutrinos the    
Sun would produce annually if the hypothesis were    
correct. From this they estimated how many neutrinos    
should pass through a particular location on Earth. The    
fact that far fewer neutrinos were counted than were    
predicted to pass through the location would seem to    
prove that the hypothesis is wrong, except that------.    
(A) the physicists, using a different method for    
estimating how many neutrinos should reach the    
location, confirmed their original estimate    
(B) there are several competing hypotheses about the    
frequency of solar fusion reactions    
(C) there is not enough energy in the Sun to destroy a    
neutrino once it is released    
(D) the method used to count neutrinos detects no    
more than approximately ten percent of the    
neutrinos that pass through    
(E) neutrinos released in the fusion reactions of other    
stars also reach the Earth  

阅读 1 ：  

                                                                                                                                                          

                                                     本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                  7  

----------------------- Page 8-----------------------

                                                                                    www.sharewithu.com  

Q7:  

                                                                                                                                             

  

  

Q8:  

                                                                                                                                         

  
  

Q9:  通过实验可知:  在缺乏可抓取物质的环境中生长，答案 D。  

  

阅读 2 ：  

Q10 ：检测到数目比按照理论预测的要少，二是就得出了理论不正确；    

D 说了少是因为你方法不当，只能测出 10%不到，不是理论不正确，削弱了结论；  

  
  

                                                 本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                             8  
