----------------------- Page 1-----------------------

                                                                                          www.sharewithu.com  

                                                           Exercise 24    

Excavations at a Mayan site have uncovered jewelry    
workshops located some distance from the center of the    
site on roads radiating outward from the center. Since the    
nobility lived only in the area of the center, archaeologists    
conclude that these workshops made jewelry, not for the    
nobility, but for a middle class that must have been    
prosperous enough to afford it.    
  
1. The archaeologists' argument assumes which of the    
following about the artisans who worked in the    
workshops'    
(A) They were themselves prosperous members of a    
middle class.    
(B) They lived near their workshops.    
(C) Their products were not  made from the same    
materials as was jewelry for the nobility.    
(D) They worked full-time at making jewelry and did    
not engage in farming    
(E) They did not take the jewelry they had made in    
the workshops to clients who were members of    
the nobility.  
  
II. Q1,定位最后一句，archaeologist conclude that workshops but for...,  对应选项E.  
  
  
Practically speaking, the artistic maturing of the    
cinema was the single-handed achievement of David W.    
Griffith (1875-1948). Before Griffith, photography in    
dramatic films consisted of little more than placing the    
actors before a stationary camera and showing them in    
full length as they would have appeared on stage. From    
the beginning of his career as a director, however, Griffith,    
because of his love of Victorian painting, employed    
composition. He conceived of the camera image as    
having a foreground and a rear ground, as well as the    
middle distance preferred by most directors. By 1910 he    
was using close-ups to reveal significant details of the    
scene or of the acting and extreme long shots to achieve a    
sense of spectacle and distance. His appreciation of the    
camera‘s possibilities produced novel dramatic effects.    
(131 words)    
  
2. Select the sentence in which the author asserts that    
Griffith played an important role in the development of    

                                                        本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                     1  

----------------------- Page 2-----------------------

                                                                                          www.sharewithu.com  

the cinema.    
  
3. The author‘s attitude toward photography in the    
cinema before Griffith can best be described as    
(A) sympathetic    
(B) nostalgic    
(C) amused    
(D) condescending    
(E) hostile  
  
Because of its accuracy in outlining the Earth's    
subsurface, the seismic-reflection method remains the most    
important tool in the search for petroleum reserves. In field    
practice, a subsurface is mapped by line arranging a series of    
wave-train sources, such as small dynamite explosions, in a    
grid pattern. As each source is activated, it generates a    
wave train that moves downward at a speed determined    
uniquely by the rock's elastic characteristics. As rock    
interfaces are crossed, the elastic characteristics    
encountered generally change abruptly, which causes part    
of the energy to  be reflected back to the surface, where it is    
recorded by seismic instruments. The seismic records must    
be processed to correct for positional differences between    
the source and the receiver, for unrelated wave trains, and    
for multiple reflections from the rock interfaces. Then the    
data acquired at each of the specific source locations are    
combined to generate a physical profile of the subsurface,    
which can eventually be used to select targets for drilling.    
(162 words)    
  
For the following question, consider each of the    
choices separately and select all that apply    
4. According to the passage, in the seismic-reflection    
method which of the following have a significant    
effect on the signal detected by the seismic    
instruments    
A presence of unrelated wave trains    
B placement of the seismic instruments    
C properties of rocks through which the wave    
train has traveled    
  
5. It can be inferred from the passage that the seismic-    
reflection method would be likely to yield an inaccu-    
rate physical profile of the subsurface in which of    
the following circumstances?    
(A) If the speed at which the wave train moved    

                                                        本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                     2  

----------------------- Page 3-----------------------

                                                                              www.sharewithu.com  

downward changed    
(B) If the receiver were not positioned directly at    
the wave-train source    
(C) If the rock on one side of a rock interface had    
similar elastic characteristics to those of the    
rock on the other side    
(D) If the seismic records obtained for the different    
sources in a grid were highly similar to each other    
(E) If there were no petroleum deposits beneath the    
area defined by the grid of wave-train sources    
  
6. Which of the following best describes the    
organization of the passage?    
(A) A method is criticized, and an alternative is    
suggested.    
(B) An illustration is examined, and some errors are    
exposed.    
(C) An assertion is made, and a procedure is    
outlined.    
(D) A series of examples is presented, and a    
conclusion is drawn.    
(E) A hypothesis is advanced, and supporting    
evidence is supplied.  

  

  
阅读1：来自老G 文章删减，背景如下：  
实事求是地讲，电影在艺术上日臻成熟是大卫"W"格里菲斯（David.W.Griffith,1875-1948）独自一人 
完成的成就。在格里菲斯之前，戏剧性电影中的摄影仅仅只涉及到将演员置于一静止不动的摄影机 
之前，将其从头到脚全身展示出来，如同他们有可能在舞台上出现的那样。但是，从其导演生涯初 
期开始，格里菲斯凭着其对维多利亚绘画的热爱，采用了构图布局法（composition ）。他将电影画 
面构想成为有一前景和背景，而不仅仅是为绝大多数导演所偏爱的中景。至1910 年，他已开始利用 
特写镜头（close-up），来揭示场面或表演的重要细节，并用大全景镜头（extremely olng shot，又译 
特长镜头）以获得一种场面感和距离感。他对摄影机诸般可能性的欣赏产生了戏剧性的效果。通过 
将一个事件分割成为多个片断并从最佳拍摄角度来记录每个片段，他得以在一个拍摄镜头和另一个 
拍摄镜头之间大大地变换其侧重点。    
      格里菲斯还通过创造性剪辑（creative editing ）来获取戏剧性效果，通过将几个画面并置并变 
化表现这些画面的速度和节奏，他得以随着故事情节的深化而控制诸事件的戏剧力度。尽管制片商 
们甚感不愿，唯恐公众无法跟上由这样的并置画面所构成的情节，但格里菲斯依然我行我素，坚持 
不懈，并实验电影语言的其它因素，而正是这些因素自从那时起便变作一种标准规范。这其中包括 
闪回镜头（flashback ），使广泛的心理和情感探索、以及非正常时序的叙事模式成为可能；还包括在 
两平行动作之间的交叉剪接（cross-cutting ），以强化悬念气氛和兴奋程度。通过以这种方式淋漓尽 
致地发挥剪辑的种种可能性，格里菲斯将维多利亚小说的技巧移换到电影中来，并赋予了电影以时 
空的控制。  
      除了发展电影语汇，格里菲斯还大大拓展了其题材的范围与处理手法。他早期的作品显得极 
其折衷主义式的：它不仅仅包括标准的喜剧、传奇剧、西部片、和恐怖片，而且亦包括自布朗宁 
 （Browning）和丁尼生（Tennyson ）文学作品的改编，以及对社会问题的处理等这样一类新颖的做 

                                           本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                     3  

----------------------- Page 4-----------------------

                                                                              www.sharewithu.com  

法。随着他的成功与日俱增，他的勃勃雄心也有增无减，而与此相伴随的是整个美国电影的繁荣。 
当他在1911 年重新拍摄《伊诺克"艾登》（Enoch  Arden）时，他坚持认为，一个如此重大的题材是 
无法在当时传统的一处片盘（reel ）的篇幅内得到充分处理的。格里菲斯对美国制作的多片盘 
 （multireel ）影片的引入掀起了一场波澜壮阔的革命。两年之后《贝图利亚的犹滴》（Judith of Bethulia ） 
——一部气势恢宏、场面壮观的历史哲理片——达到了史无前例的四个片盘的长度，或一个小时的 
放映时间。从我们当代的观点来看，这部电影的不凡之处有可能显得有点荒唐可笑，但在当时却引 
起了无休止的争论和讨论，并赋予了电影以一种崭新的理智上的体面。  
  
I.  文章结构  
  

首句为TS.肯定了G 对artistic maturing of cinema 的完全贡献；(Q3)  
第二句，before G 之前的状况，态度词little more than,负态度; (Q4)  
第三句至结尾，G  之后的状况，态度词 however,  正态度。肯定其贡献在两个方面，1)  前，后，中 
景  2)近景，远景  (未出题)  
  

Q2  首句，十分明显；  
Q3  负态度词，D 和E,没有到hostile 的程度，选D;  
  
阅读2：  
参考翻译：  
由于“地震反射法”在勾画地球的地面下部位这方面的准确性，该方法一直是探寻石油储存的最重要 
的工具。（本章主旨题，是一个说明性的文体，阐述一种方法）在实地作业中，通过将一系列波列源， 
诸如小规模炸药爆炸，排列成为一网格模式，从而将地面下部位在地图上标绘出来。（对该方法的简 
要介绍）随着每一个波列源得以被触发，  它就产生一个波列，该波列便以一特定速度向下移动，而 
其下移的速度仅仅取决于岩石的弹性特征。随着岩石的界面被穿越，所遇的弹性特征一般会突然地 
改变，这便导致一部分能量反射回到地面，于是这部分能量就在地面被地震仪器记录下来。地震记 
载必须加以处理，以便纠正波列源与接受器之间的位置差异，纠正无关的波列，以及纠正来自岩石 
界面的多重反射。然后，在每一个特定波列源位置获取的数据被综合起来，得出一个地面下部位的 
物理剖面图，而这一剖面图则能最终用来择取目标进行钻探。（详细介绍）  
  
  

II.  文章结构  (Q6)  
  

首句，TS, seismic-reflection method 为search petrol reserves 的main tool;  
  
第二句至结尾，解释method 的原理及应用；(Q4)  
  

1) the seismic records must be processed to correct 之前  general introduction 这个method 的原理-利 
用rocks 的elastic 特性，用seismic instrument 记录反射回来的energy; (Q5)  
2) the seismic records must be processed to correct 开始至结尾  seismic records 需要被correct,  基于 
for...for...for...三方面原因，corrected  以后的records 可以作为drilling 的reference.  
  

Q4  在method 中，会对instrument 探测到的signal 产生重要影响的选项  
AB  两个for,产生的影响是探测到的records 需要correct;  
C  使用这个method 的原理，当然会对最后结果有影响。  
  

                                           本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                     4  

----------------------- Page 5-----------------------

                                                                                      www.sharewithu.com  

Q5 method 在哪种情况下，会产生不正确的records  
看文中这句话，As each source is activated, it generates a wave train that moves downward at a speed  
determined uniquely by the rock's elastic characteristics ；  
也就是说：elastic  characteristics 是唯一能够产生这个wave 被检测到根源，如果有东西跟这个辨识 
标志相似那么，检测结果必然会受到干扰。所以C 选项正确！  
  
Q6：结构题，正确答案C。  
  
Paradoxically, with all of our natural, intuitive,    
commonsense capacity to grasp human relations, the    
science of human relations has been one of the last to    
develop. Different explanations of this paradox have been    
suggested. One is that science would destroy the vain and    
pleasing illusions people have about themselves; but we    
might ask why people have always loved to read    
pessimistic, debunking writings, from Ecclesiastes to    
Freud. It has also been proposed that just because we    
know so much about people intuitively, there has been    
less incentive for studying them scientifically; why    
should one develop a theory, carry out systematic    
observations, or make predictions about the obvious?    
(107 words)    
7. The author refers to people who are attracted to    
"pessimistic, debunking writings" in order to support    
which of the following ideas?    
(A) Interesting books about human relations are    
typically pessimistic.    
(B) People tend to ignore scientific explanations    
of human relations.    
(C) People rarely hold pleasing illusions about    
themselves.    
(D) A scientific approach human relations    
would undermine the pleasing illusions people    
hold of themselves.    
(E) It is doubtful that the science of human relations    
developed slowly because of a desire    
to maintain pleasing illusions.    
  
8. In the context in which it appears, "paradox" most    
nearly means    
○A diametrical opposition    
○B unintended irony    
○C stark dichotomy    
○D exact counterpoint    
○E  
contradiction to common sense  

                                                    本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                5  

----------------------- Page 6-----------------------

                                                                                        www.sharewithu.com  

  
Why during sickness should body temperature of    
warm-blooded animal rise? It has long been known that the    
level of serum iron in animals falls during infection.    
Garibaldi first suggested a relationship between fever and    
iron. He found that microbial synthesis of siderophores --    
substances that bind iron -- in bacteria of the genus    
Salmonella declined at environmental temperatures above    
37°C and stopped at 40.3°C. Thus, fever would make it    
more difficult for an infecting bacterium to acquire iron and    
thus to multiply. Cold-blooded animals were used to test    
this hypothesis. Kluger reported that of iguanas infected    
with the potentially lethal bacterium A. hydrophilia, more    
survived at temperatures of 42°C than at 37°C, even though    
healthy animals prefer the lower temperature. When    
animals at 42°C were injected with an iron solution,    
however, mortality rates increased significantly.    
(135 words)    
9. According to the passage, Garibaldi determined    
which of the following?    
(A) That serum iron is produced through microbial    
synthesis    
(B) That microbial synthesis of siderophores in    
warm-blooded animals is more efficient at    
higher temperatures.    
(C) That only iron bound to other substances can    
be used by bacteria.    
(D) That there is a relationship between the    
synthesis of siderophores in bacteria of the genus    
Salmonella and environmental temperature.    
(E) That  bacteria of the genus Salmonella require    
iron as a nutrient.    
  
10. If it were to be determined that similar phenomena    
occur in warm-blooded animals, which of the    
following, assuming each is possible, is likely to be the    
most effective treatment for warm-blooded animals    
with bacterial infections?    
(A) Administering a medication that lowers the    
animals' body temperature    
(B) Injecting the animals with an iron solution    
(C) Administering a medication that makes serum    
iron unavailable to bacteria    
(D) Providing the animals with reduced-iron diets    
(E) Keeping the animals in an environment with    
temperatures higher than 37°C  

                                                      本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                  6  

----------------------- Page 7-----------------------

                                                                                     www.sharewithu.com  

I.    短文结构  
  

首句，TS, HR science 为最后一批被发展的science;  
第三句至结尾，两个suggested explanations. 1) one is that,  分号表明前后表达的意思一致  (Q7)；2) it  
has also been proposed that, too obvious to study.  
  
Q7  分号后的内容in order to support 分号前的内容，定位‘one is that science would destroy vain and  
pleasing illusions'. E 选项完整对应定位的内容：  
it is doubtful that HR science developed slowly -  one possible reason for HR science was one of the last  
to develop;  
a desire to maintain pleasing illusions - in case it would destroy vain and pleasing illusions.  
  
Q8 E  
  

阅读2：翻译  
为什么疾病期间常温动物的提问会上升？一直以来，我们知道动物被感染时血清铁含量会下降。加 
里波首次提出了铁和发烧的关系。他发现，当环境温度为 37 至40.3 摄氏度时，铁载体（能够绑定 
铁的物质）的微生物合成在沙门氏菌属的细菌中会下降。也就是说，发烧会让感染细菌更难获得铁， 
进而难于繁殖。冷血动物被用来测试这个假设。克鲁格报道说，感染了亲水性致命细菌 A                                                                            的鬣蜥， 
在42 度时比在37 度时更容易存活，尽管健康的动物更喜欢稍低的温度。但是当动物在42 摄氏度时 
注射了铁溶液，死亡率则显著增加！  
  
II.  短文结构  
  
首句，提出问题。为什么warm-blooded animal, sickness 对应body temperature (up);  
第二句，长久以来的一个解释，infection 时，iron (down);  
G first suggested... thus..., G 的一个例证,fever 和iron 的关系: synthesis of a substance binding iron in  
bacteria (down) when environmental temperature (up),   因此，bacterium 繁殖变慢  (down); (Q9)  
Cold-blooded  animals  至结尾，cold-blooded  animals                      的一个例证，temperature  (up)   对应 more  
survived; additional iron 对应more death.  
  

总而言之，temperature (up)对应iron (down)对应bacterium (down). (Q10)  
  

Q9 G 的determination,人名定位。G determine 的是一个relationship,  对应选项D;  
  
Q10  提干要求找到一个选项，这个选项满足effective treatment to bacterial infection  
  

找使 iron  (down) 的选项，定位 C                      和 E.这题我开始选错了，看错 E,  E  keep                             的 temperature        是 
environmental   temperature, 而提干的对象是 warm-blooded   animals,所以 keep                                       的应该是 body  
temperature. C 选项没有任何问题。  
  
                                                                              文中涉及到结构的分析来自  JudyHan817  

                                                   本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                               7  
