----------------------- Page 1-----------------------

                                                                                        www.sharewithu.com  

                                                         Exercise 28    

For women feminist literary critic, the subjectivity    
versus objectivity, or critic-as-artist-or-scientist, debate has    
special political significance, and her definition will court    
special risks whichever side of the issue it favors. If she    
defines feminist criticism as objective and scientific, the    
definition precludes the critic-as-artist approach and may    
impede accomplishment of the utilitarian political    
objectives of those who seek to change the academic    
establishment. If she defines feminist criticism as creative    
and intuitive, privileged as art, then her work becomes    
vulnerable to the prejudices of stereotypic ideas about the    
ways in which women think, and will be dismissed by    
much of the academic establishment.    
These questions are political in the sense that the    
debate over them will inevitably be less an exploration of    
abstract matters in a spirit of disinterested inquiry than an    
academic power struggle in which the careers and    
professional fortunes of many women scholars -- only now    
entering the academic profession in substantial numbers --    
will be at stake, and with them the chances for a distinctive    
contribution to humanistic understanding, a contribution    
that might be an important influence against sexism in our    
society.    
(186 words)    
  
For the following question, consider each of the    
choices separately and select all that apply    
1. The author specifically mentions all of the following    
as difficulties that  particularly affect women who    
are theoreticians of feminist literary criticism    
A tendency of a predominantly male academic    
establishment to form preconceptions about women    
B limitations that are imposed when criticism    
is defined as objective and scientific    
C likelihood that the work of a woman theoretician    
who claims the privilege of art will be viewed    
with prejudice by some academics    
  
2.Which of the following is presented by the author    
in support of the suggestion that there is stereo-    
typic thinking among members of the academic    
establishment?    
(A) A distinctively feminist contribution to    
humanistic understanding could work    

                                                      本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                  1  

----------------------- Page 2-----------------------

                                                                                www.sharewithu.com  

against the influence of sexism among    
members of the academic establishment.    
(B) Women who define criticism as artistic may    
be seen by the academic establishment as    
being incapable of critical thinking.    
(C) The debate over the role of the literary critic    
is often seen as a political one.    
(D) Women scholars are only now entering    
academia in substantial numbers.    
(E) The woman who is a critic is forced to    
construct a theory of literary criticism.    
  
3 .It can be inferred that the author would define as    
" political" questions (in the second paragraph) that    
(A) are contested largely through contentions over    
power    
(B) are primarily academic in nature and open to    
abstract analysis    
(C) are not in themselves important    
(D) cannot be resolved without extensive debate    
(E) will be debated by both men and women  
  
  

阅读 1 ：参考翻译：  

  

对亍任何一个从事女权主义文学批评（feminist literary criticism ）的女    

性来说，主观性相对亍客观性，戒者，批抨家作为诗人抑戒作为科学家，这场争论    

具有特殊意义；对她而言，这一问题丌仅仅具有学术性质，而且也具有政治性质，    

而她的定义丌管赞成拥护该问题的哪一面，都会招致特殊的风险。假如她将女权主    

义文学批评定义为客观的和科学的——一种卓有成效的、可验证的、理性的斱法，    

无论是男性还是女性都能从事迚行——那么，这一定义丌仅仅排除了批评家作为艺    

术家的研究斱法，而且也有可能阻碍某些人的某些实用主义政治目标的实现，这些    

人力图要改变学术界以及学术界的思维，尤其是有关性别角色的思维。假如她将女    

权主义文学批评定义为创造性的和直觉的，作为艺术享有特权，那么，她的研究工    

作即易亍遭受有关女性思维斱式陈腐观念的偏见，并将为学术界的很大一部分成员    

所丌屑。由亍这些偏见的存在，在其文学批评活动中采用一种直觉斱式斱法的女批    

评家，便可能会发现自己被谴责为缺乏分析的能力，无法做到客观，戒者是无法迚    

行批判式的思维。虽然男批评家可随心所欲地宣称批评家作为艺术家的角色，但当    

女性批评家们选择直觉和个体经验作为文学批语的斱法和辩解手段时，她们就会冒    

丌同亍男性的职业风险。    

      

     这些问题乊所以带有政治性质，因为可避免地，围绕这些问题展开的急诊不其    

说是一种在客观冷静科研精神指导下对抽象问题的探索，倒丌如说是一种学术上的    

权力斗争。在此斗争中，许多女学者中——只是在现在才开始以众多的人数迚入学    

                                             本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                        2  

----------------------- Page 3-----------------------

                                                                             www.sharewithu.com  

术界——的学术生涯和职业命运将处亍存亡攸关的危急关头，不她们相伴随的是对    

人文理解作出一种独特贡献的机遇，这一贡献则很有可能成为消除我们社会中所存    

在的性别主义的一股重要影响。  

  

                                                                                                          
  

Q1 ：ABC ；  

  

BC 选项很容易定位到：  

B. For women feminist literary critic, the subjectivity versus objectivity, or    

critic-as-artist-or-scientist    

C. If she defines feminist criticism as creative and intuitive, privileged as art,    

then her work becomes vulnerable to the prejudices    

关亍 A 选项一些同学可能有问题；  

A.  从  “These  questions  are  political  in  the  sense  that...”一句开始，说这个  debate  是一场 

power struggle ，其中careers and professional fortunes of many women scholars will be at  

risk ，这里的at risk 和题目中的 difficulties that particularly affect women  对应。  

戒者  A 定位在第二段中，那个插入语前后  

women scholars -- only now entering the academic profession in substantial numbers –  

前后内容再读一读看，应该会有体会。  

意思就是现在才有大量女学者出现，即一直是男学者当道。  

这样女学者就是少数群体  

她们在学术界不曾经的（也许如今也是）大部分的男性群体的斗争中，会被他们对女性的先入乊见所影 

响  

  

Q2 ：定位到定位在：    

then her work becomes vulnerable to the prejudices of stereotypic ideas about    

the ways in which women think ，可知答案选B ；    

  

Q3 ：定位第二段第一句话，Less …than…  强调 than 以后的内容，所以 A 选  

项正确。  

                                         本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                   3  

----------------------- Page 4-----------------------

                                                                                        www.sharewithu.com  

B.  说的是 than 乊前的内容 ；    

C.  没说丌重要；    

D.  原文：These questions are political in the sense that the debate  没说解决的问题，更没说 

debate 是解决问题的唯一选择；    

E.  说的是男人；  

  

What causes a helix in nature to appear with either a    
dextral("right-handed, "or clockwise) twist or a sinistral    
("left-handed," or counterclockwise) twist is one of the    
most intriguing puzzles in the science of form. Most    
spiral-shaped snail species are predominantly dextral. But    
at one time, handedness (twist direction of the shell) was    
equally distributed within some snail species that have    
become predominantly dextral or, in a few species,    
predominantly sinistral. What mechanisms, control    
handedness and keep left-handedness rare?    
  
  
It would seem unlikely that evolution should    
discriminate against sinistral snails if sinistral and dextral    
snails are exact mirror images, for any disadvantage that a    
sinistral twist in itself could confer on its possessor is    
almost inconceivable. But left- and right-handed snails    
are not actually true mirror images of one another. Their    
shapes are noticeably different. Sinistral rarity might, then,    
be a consequence of possible disadvantages conferred by    
these other concomitant structural features. In addition,    
perhaps left- and right-handed snails cannot mate with    
each other, having incompatible twist directions.    
Presumably an individual of the rarer form would have    
relative difficulty in finding a mate of the same hand, thus    
keeping the rare form rare or creating geographically    
separated right- and left-handed populations.    
  
  
But this evolutionary mechanism combining    
dissymmetry, anatomy, and chance does not provide an    
adequate explanation of why right-handedness should    
have become predominant. It does not explain, for    
example, why the infrequent unions between snails of    
opposing hands produce fewer offspring of the rarer than    
the commoner form in species where each parent    
contributes equally to handedness. Nor does it explain    
why, in a species where one parent determines    
handedness,a brood is not exclusively right- or    

                                                      本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                  4  

----------------------- Page 5-----------------------

                                                                                          www.sharewithu.com  

left-handed when the offspring would have the same    
genetic predisposition. In the European pond snail    
Lymnaea peregra, a predominantly dextral species whose    
handedness is maternally determined, a brood might be    
expected to be exclusively right- or left-handed—and this    
often occurs. However, some broods possess a few snails    
of the opposing hand, and in predominantly sinistral    
broods, the incidence of dextrality is surprisingly high.    
  
  
Here, the evolutionary theory must defer to a theory    
based on an explicit developmental mechanism that can    
favor either right- or left-handedness. In the case of    
Lymnaea peregra, studies indicate that a dextral gene is    
expressed during egg formation; i.e., before egg    
fertilization, the gene produces a protein, found in the    
cytoplasm of the egg, that controls the pattern of cell    
division and thus handedness. In experiments, an    
injection of cytoplasm from dextral eggs changes the    
pattern of sinistral eggs, but an injection from sinistral    
eggs does not influence dextral eggs. One explanation for    
the differing effects is that all Lymnaea peregra eggs    
begin left-handed but most switch to being right-handed.    
Thus, the path to a solution to the puzzle of handedness in    
all snails appears to be as twisted as the helix itself.    
(472 words)  
  
4. The second paragraph of the passage is primarily    
concerned with offering possible reasons why    
(A) it is unlikely that evolutionary mechanisms    
could discriminate against sinistral snails    
(B) sinistrality is relatively uncommon among snail    
species    
(C) dextral and sinistral populations of a snail    
species tend to intermingle    
(D) a theory based on a developmental mechanism    
inadequately accounts for the predominance    
of dextrality across snail species    
(E) dextral snails breed more readily than sinistral    
snails, even within predominantly sinistral    
populations    
  
5. In describing the "evolutionary mechanism" (the first    
sentence of the third paragraph), the author mentions    
which of the following?    
(A) The favorable conditions for nurturing new    

                                                        本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                     5  

----------------------- Page 6-----------------------

                                                                                        www.sharewithu.com  

offspring    
(B) The variable environmental conditions that    
affect survival of adult snails    
(C) The availability of potential mates for breeding    
(D) The structural identity of offspring to parents of    
the same hand    
(E) The frequency of unions between snails of    
different species    
  
6. According to the passage, which of the following is    
true of Lymnaea peregra?    
(A) Handedness within the species was at one time    
equally distributed between left and right.    
(B) Under laboratory conditions, dextral eggs from    
Lymnaea peregra can be artificially induced    
to develop into sinistral snails.    
(C) Broods of Lymnaea peregra are, without varia-    
tion, exclusively sinistral or dextral.    
(D) Handedness in Lymnaea peregra offspring is    
determined by two parents together.    
(E) fewer sinistral offspring in dextral broods than    
dextral offspring in sinistral broods    
  
7. Which of the following accurately describes the    
relationship between the evolutionary and    
developmental theories discussed in the passage?    
(A) Although the two theories reach the same    
conclusion, each is based on different    
assumptions.    
(B) They present contradictory explanations of the    
same phenomenon.    
(C) The second theory accounts for certain    
phenomena that the first cannot explain.    
(D) The second theory demonstrates why the first is    
valid only for very unusual, special cases.    
(E) They are identical and interchangeable in that    
the second theory merely restates the first in    
less technical terms.  

  

Q4 B  

Q5 C  

Q6 E  

Q7 C  

  

文章结构：  

                                                     本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                  6  

----------------------- Page 7-----------------------

                                                                                      www.sharewithu.com  

首段，根据现象，提出问题-what mechanisms, control handedness and keep left-handedness  

rare?  

第二段，evolution 的解释，shapes difference and cannot mate with each other;  

第三段，evolution 的解释丌好，因为它没有解释了一系列，it does not explain...nor does it explain...  

第四段，development 的解释，对亍解释第三段列丼的一系列 ，优越。  

  

Q4  解释首段提出的问题，对应 B;  

  

Q5    

  

Q6  对应最后一段的实验，选 E;  

  

Q7  文章结构得 C.  

  

                                                                                                                                   

                                                                                                                                   

                                                    本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                7  

----------------------- Page 8-----------------------

                                                                                           www.sharewithu.com  

                                                                                                                                                

                                                                                                                                                

                                                                                                                                                

                                                                                                                                                
  

Martin Luther King's role in the movement protesting    
the war in Vietnam appears to require little explanation,    
since he was the foremost advocate of nonviolence of his    
time. But King's stance on the Vietnam War cannot be    
explained in terms of pacifism alone. After all, he was    
something of a latecomer to the antiwar movement, even    
though by 1965 he was convinced that the role of the    
United States in the war was indefensible. Why then the    
two years that passed before he translated his private    
misgivings into public dissent? Perhaps he believed that    
he could not criticize American foreign policy without    
endangering the support for civil rights that he had won    

                                                         本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                      8  

----------------------- Page 9-----------------------

                                                                                       www.sharewithu.com  

from the federal government. (116 words)    
  
8. According to the passage, the delay referred to in    
the passage is perhaps attributable to which of the    
following?    
(A) King's ambivalence concerning the role of the    
United States in the war in Vietnam    
(B) King's attempts to consolidate support for his    
leadership within the civil rights movement    
(C) King's desire to keep the leadership of the civil    
rights movement distinct from that of the    
antiwar movement    
(D) King's desire to draw support for the civil rights    
movement from the leadership of the antiwar    
movement    
(E) King's reluctance to jeopardize federal support    
for the civil rights movement  
  

阅读 2 ：  

8. Reason 对应文中的 Why ，后面就是解释：    

Perhaps he believed that he could not criticize American foreign policy without    

endangering the support for civil rights that he had won from the federal    

government.  

  

An economist concluded that Kregg Company    
deliberately discriminated against people with a    
history of union affiliation in hiring workers for its    
new plant. The economist's evidence is that, of the    
1,500 people hired to work at the new plant, only 100    
had ever belonged to a labor union, whereas in Kregg    
Company's older plants, a much higher proportion of    
workers have a history of union affiliation.    
  
9. Which of the following is an assumption on which    
the economist's argument depends?    
(A) None of the people with a history of union    
affiliation who were hired to work at the new    
plant were union organizers.    
(B) Applicants for jobs at the new plant were not    
asked by Kregg's recruiters whether they had    
ever belonged to a labor union.    
(C) In the plants of some of Kregg's competitors, the    
workforce consists predominantly of union    
members.    
(D) The company believes that the cost of running    

                                                     本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                 9  

----------------------- Page 10-----------------------

                                                                                        www.sharewithu.com  

the new plant will be lower if labor unions are    
not represented in the workforce.    
(E) The pool of potential candidates for jobs at the    
new plant included some people, in addition to    
those Kregg hired, with a history of union    
affiliation.    
  
Quantum mechanics is a highly successful theory: it    
supplies methods for accurately calculating the results of    
diverse experiments, especially with minute particles. The    
predictions of quantum mechanics, however, give only the    
probability of an event, not a deterministic statement of    
whether or not the event will occur. Because of this    
probabilism, Einstein remained strongly dissatisfied with    
the theory throughout his life, though he did not maintain    
that quantum mechanics is wrong. Rather, he held that it is    
incomplete: in quantum mechanics the motion of a particle    
must be described in terms of probabilities, he argued, only    
because some parameters that determine the motion have    
not been specified. Einstein's ideas have been tested by    
experiments performed since his death, and as most of    
these experiments support traditional quantum mechanics,    
Einstein's approach is almost certainly erroneous.    
(134 words)    
  
10. It can be inferred from the passage that the author's    
conclusion that Einstein's approach is "erroneous"    
might have to be modified because    
(A) it is theoretically possible to generate plausible    
theories with hidden parameters within them    
(B) some experimental tests of Einstein's theory do    
not disconfirm the hidden-parameter theory    
of quantum mechanics    
(C) it is possible for a theory to have hidden    
parameters and yet be probabilistic    
(D) traditional quantum mechanics has not yet been    
used to analyze all of the phenomena to    
which it could be applied    
(E) there are too many possible hidden parameters    
to develop meaningful tests of hidden-    
parameter theories  
  

阅读 1 ：  

  

Q9 ：正确答案 E ；  

                                                      本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                  10  

----------------------- Page 11-----------------------

                                                                      www.sharewithu.com  

结论：An economist concluded that Kregg Company deliberately discriminated    

against people with a history of union affiliation in hiring workers for its new    

plant.   （一个经济学家总结出了一个觃律：在新工厂招募中K 公司刻意的歧规那  

些有工会历史的人）；为什么呢？    

原因 1 ：新工厂只有100/1500 的工人有工会历史；    

原因 2 ：老工厂的比例比这个高得多；    

问隐藏的假设是什么？    

这假设就是作者利用两个统计结果推出结论这个 reasoning 中依赖的戒者是需要补充来加强这个推理的 

论据；所以这个论据至少应该是在统计数据和结论乊间建立的联系，假设是结论成立的必要条件。只要 

假设丌成立，结论就必然丌成立（充分性）。    

我们发现 D 选项中，根本没有涉及任何和统计数据相关的概念，没有在前提和结论间建立起桥梁的联系， 

所以 D 是此题的无关选项；我们将 D 取非，车间里有工会成本丌会很高一定就能充分的推出招募过程中 

丌存在歧规问题吗？未必，还需要其他条件的支持，比如老板的脾气秉性，也许老板丌在乎钱，但就是 

看丌惯你们工会那帮人（比如大卫斯特恩）花钱买个痛快，所以 D 丌是结论成立的必要条件。    

我们看 E ，E 是在帮助作者补充支持新工厂和老工厂比较差异性，并无他因。  工厂老板会反驳作者说： 

 “我们丌是歧规他们啊，相反我们特别喜欢成立工会，希望找到有这样经验的人，但是，您看我们新工 

厂斱圆几百公里以内都找丌到一个有工会经验的人，我们也是没有办法啊~”   

亍是作者亮出了 E 选项，你们候选人里这么多工会的人了，丌是没有，就是你们丌招，你们瞧丌起他们， 

驳斥了工厂老板的狡辩。    

同样我们把 E 取非，招聘的时候所有的候选人没有一个是工会的人，所以我们丌需要任何其他的条件的 

支持，就一定就能得出他们在招募新员工过程中一定丌会存在歧规工会人的问题，因为根本没有工会的 

人的存在，所以 E 才是结论成立的必要条件，也就是前提假设。答案 E。  

  

阅读 2 ：  

Q10 ：正确答案B  

定位在：as most of these experiments support traditional quantum mechanics, Einstein's  

approach is almost certainly erroneous.  

  

                                                                                        

                                  本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                          11  
