----------------------- Page 1-----------------------

                                                                                                    www.sharewithu.com  

  

                                                         Exercise 9  

                                                                      

Jean Wagner‘s most enduring contribution to the    
study of Afro-American poetry is his insistence that it be    
analyzed in a religious, as well as secular, frame of    
Line reference. The appropriateness of such an approach may    
5 seem self-evident for a tradition commencing with    
spirituals and owing its early forms, rhythms, vocabulary,    
and evangelical fervor to Wesleyan hymnals. But before    
Wagner a secular outlook that analyzed Black poetry    
solely within the context of political and social protest    
10 was dominant in the field.    
It is Wagner who first demonstrated the essential    
fusion of racial and religious feeling in Afro-American    
poetry. The two, he argued, form a symbiotic union in    
which religious feelings are often applied to racial issues    
15 and racial problems are often projected onto a    
metaphysical plane. Wagner found this most eloquently    
illustrated in the Black spiritual, where the desire for    
freedom in this world and the hope for salvation in the    
next are inextricably intertwined.    
(159 words)    
  
  
1. The primary purpose of the passage is to    
(A) contrast the theories of Jean Wagner with    
those of other contemporary critics    
(B) document the influence of Jean Wagner on the    
development of Afro-American poetry    
(C) explain the relevance of Jean Wagner‘s work to    
the study of Afro-American religion    
(D) indicate the importance of Jean Wagner‘s    
analysis of Afro-American poetry    
(E) present the contributions of Jean Wagner to    
the study of Black spirituals    
  
2. All of the following aspects of Afro-American    
poetry are referred to in the passage as having been    
influenced by Wesleyan hymnals EXCEPT    
(A) subject matter    
(B) word choice    
(C) rhythm    

                                                       本文由尚友原创或整理  

----------------------- Page 2-----------------------

                                                                                                    www.sharewithu.com  

(D) structure    
(E) tone    
  
3. It can be inferred from the passage that, before    
Wagner, most students of Afro-American poetry did    
which of the following?    
(A) Contributed appreciably to the transfer of    
political protest from Afro-American poetry to    
direct political action.    
(B) Ignored at least some of the historical roots of    
Afro-American poetry.    
(C) Analyzed fully the aspects of social protest    
to be found in such traditional forms of Afro-    
American poetry as the Black spiritual.    
(D) Regarded as unimportant the development    
of fervent emotionalism in a portion of Afro-    
American poetry.    
(E) Concentrated on the complex relations    
between the technical elements in Afro-    
American poetry and its political content.  
  

阅读 1：  

詹"瓦格纳（Jean Wagner ）对美国黑人诗歌研究作出的最经久不衰的贡献是他的如下主张，即美国黑人诗歌应该被置于 

一个宗教的而不仅仅是世俗的参照框架中予以分析。对于美国黑人诗歌这一起源于圣歌（spiritual ）并从卫斯理赞美诗集 

 （Wesleyan hymnal ）中借鉴了其早期形式、节奏、语汇、以及狂热激情的文学传统来说，这一方法的恰当性可谓是不 

证自明的。但在瓦格纳之前，一种将黑人诗歌仅仅置于政治以及社会抗议这一背景当中来进行分析的世俗观点在这一领域 

中占据了主导地位。  

    正是瓦格纳最早证明了种族和宗教情感在美国黑人诗歌中的有机融合。他指出，两者形成了一种共生结合，在这里， 

宗教的情感常常被应用于种族问题，而种族问题也常常被投射于形而上的层面。瓦格纳发现，这一点在黑人圣歌中得到了 

最有力的例证，而在黑人圣歌中，对现世自由的渴望以及对后世灵魂超度的希翼被不可分割地交织于一体。  

  

Q1 ：由首句退出 contribution to the study of Afro-American poetry ，说的是 JW 这人重要性，所以选 D；  

  

Q2 ：哪个没有被 Wesleyan hymnals  影响？  

解析：定位到 line 6：spirituals and owing its early forms, rhythms, vocabulary, and evangelical fervor，  所以选 E；  

  

Q3 ：定位到 line 11：It is Wagner who first demonstrated the essential fusion of racial and religious feeling in Afro-American    

poetry.  选 B；  

  
In the early 1950‘s, historians who studied    
preindustrial Europe (which we may define here as    
Europe in the period from roughly 1300 to 1800) began,    
for the first time in large numbers, to investigate more    
5 of the preindustrial European population than the 2 or 3    
percent who comprised the political and social elite: the    
kings, generals, judges, nobles, bishops, and local    

                                                      本文由尚友原创或整理  

----------------------- Page 3-----------------------

                                                                                                 www.sharewithu.com  

magnates who had hitherto usually filled history books.    
One difficulty, however, was that few of the remaining    
10 97 percent recorded their thoughts or had them    
chronicled by contemporaries. Faced with this situation,    
many historians based their investigations on the only    
records that seemed to exist: birth, marriage, and death    
records. As a result, much of the early work on the    
15 nonelite was aridly statistical in nature; reducing the    
vast majority of the population to a set of numbers was    
hardly more enlightening than ignoring them altogether.    
Historians still did not know what these people thought    
or felt.    
20 One way out of this dilemma was to turn to the    
records of legal courts, for here the voices of the    
nonelite can most often be heard, as witnesses, plaintiffs,    
and defendants. These documents have acted as ―a point    
of entry into the mental world of the poor.‖ Historians    
25 such as Le Roy Ladurie have used the documents to    
extract case histories, which have illuminated the    
attitudes of different social groups (these attitudes    
include, but are not confined to, attitudes toward crime    
and the law) and have revealed how the authorities    
30 administered justice. It has been societies that have had    
a developed police system and practiced Roman law,    
with its written depositions, whose court records have    
yielded the most data to historians. In Anglo-Saxon    
countries hardly any of these benefits obtain, but it has    
35 still been possible to glean information from the study    
of legal documents.    
The extraction of case histories is not, however, the    
only use to which court records may be put. Historians    
who study preindustrial Europe have used the records to    
40 establish a series of categories of crime and to quantify    
indictments that were issued over a given number of    
years. This use of the records does yield some    
information about the nonelite, but this information    
gives us little insight into the mental lives of the    
45 nonelite. We also know that the number of indictments    
in preindustrial Europe bears little relation to the    
number of actual criminal acts, and we strongly suspect    
that the relationship has varied widely over time. In    
addition, aggregate population estimates are very    
50 shaky, which makes it difficult for historians to    
compare rates of crime per thousand in one decade of    
the preindustrial period with rates in another decade.    
Given these inadequacies, it is clear why the case    

                                                    本文由尚友原创或整理  

----------------------- Page 4-----------------------

                                                                                                          www.sharewithu.com  

history use of court records is to be preferred.    
(473 words)    
  
  
  
  
  
4. The author suggests that, before the early 1950‘s,    
most historians who studied preindustrial Europe    
did which of the following?    
(A) Failed to make distinctions among members of the    
preindustrial European political and social elite.    
(B) Used investigatory methods that were almost    
exclusively statistical in nature.    
(C) Inaccurately estimated the influence of the    
preindustrial European political and social elite.    
(D) Confined their work to a narrow range of the    
preindustrial European population.    
(E) Tended to rely heavily on birth, marriage, and    
death records.    
  
5. According to the passage, the case histories    
extracted by historians have    
(A) scarcely illuminated the attitudes of the political    
and social elite    
(B) indicated the manner in which those in power    
apportioned justice    
(C) focused almost entirely on the thoughts and feel-    
ings of different social groups toward crime and    
the law    
(D) been considered the first kind of historical    
writing that utilized the records of legal courts    
(E) been based for the most part on the trial testimony    
of police and other legal authorities    
  
  
6. It can be inferred from the passage that much of the    
early work by historians on the European nonelite    
of the preindustrial period might have been more    
illuminating if these historians had    
(A) used different methods of statistical analysis to    
investigate the nonelite    
(B) been more successful in identifying the attitudes    
of civil authorities, especially those who    
administered justice, toward the nonelite    
(C) been able to draw on more accounts, written by    

                                                           本文由尚友原创或整理  

----------------------- Page 5-----------------------

                                                                                             www.sharewithu.com  

contemporaries of the nonelite, that described    
what this nonelite thought    
(D) relied more heavily on the personal records left    
by members of the European political and    
social elite who lived during the period in    
question    
(E) been more willing to base their research on the    
birth, marriage, and death records of the    
nonelite    
  
7. It can be inferred from the passage that a historian    
who wished to compare crime rates per thousand    
in a European city in one decade of the fifteenth    
century with crime rates in another decade of that    
century would probably be most aided by better    
information about which of the following?    
(A) The causes of unrest in the city during the two    
decades    
(B) The aggregate number of indictments in the    
city nearest to the city under investigation    
during the two decades    
(C) The number of people who lived in the city    
during each of the decades under investigation    
(D) The mental attitudes of criminals in the city,    
including their feelings about authority, during    
each of the decades under investigation    
(E) The possibilities for a member of the city‘s    
nonelite to become a member of the political    
and social elite during the two decades  

  

先上难句翻译：  In the early 1950’s ，historians who studied preindustrial Europe （which we may define  
here as Europe in the period from roughly 1300 to 1800）began，for the first time in large numbers，to  
investigate more of the preindustrial European population than the 2 or 3 percent who comprised the  
political and social elite:the kings，generals，judges ，nobles，bishops，and local magnates who had  
hitherto usually filled history books.      （4 ）  
难句类型:复杂修饰、插入语  
译文:二十世纪五十年代早期，研究前工业化时代欧洲（此处我们可将其界定为约自 1300 年至 1800 
年这一时期的欧洲）的史学家，首次以众多的人数（杨鹏的书中:第一次以大量的数据），开始调查 
前工业化时代欧洲人口中的大多数，而非那些构成了政治与社会精英阶层的百分之二或三的人口， 
即国王、将军、法官、贵族、主教、以及地方上的达官显贵，而正是这部分人一直到那时为止普遍 
充斥于史学著作。  
解释:句子中有两个插入语，一个是跟在 preindustrial  Europe 之后的 which  we  may  define  here  as  
Europe  in  the  period  from  roughly  1300  to  1800,这个插入语的直接作用是解释前面的 preindustrial  
Europe 的年代，而起到的客观作用则是把主句中的主语和谓语分割得很远；第二个插入语是在 began， 
for the first time in large numbers, to investingate  中间，把一个好好的 began to 斩为两段。这句话另 
外一个难以理解的地方是 more of the preindustrial European population than the 2 or 3 percent，表示 

                                                本文由尚友原创或整理  

----------------------- Page 6-----------------------

                                                                                                     www.sharewithu.com  

的是在工业化以前的欧洲人口中超过了那 2%到 3%的人，亦即占 97%到 98%的人民群众。  
  
Q4:定位至 line 4：began  for  the  first  time  in  large  numbers, to  investigate more of  the  preindustrial  
European population than the 2 or 3 percent who comprised the political and social elite，由 first time 
推断出：之前的都是在研究那 2%-3%的社会精英，所以选 D；  
  

Q5：定位至 line 24：Historians such as Le Roy Ladurie have used the documents to extract case histories,  
which  have  illuminated  the  attitudes  of  different  social  groups  (these  attitudes  include,  but  are  not  
confined to, attitudes toward crime    

and  the  law)  and  have  revealed  how  the  authorities  administered  justice.  看到最后半句说 how  the  
authorities administered justice,  所以选 B；  
  

Q6：定位至  line 42 ：This use of the records does yield some information about the nonelite, but this  
information    

gives us little insight into the mental lives of the nonelite.  应该多关注一些精神世界，所以选 C；  
  

Q7：定位至  line  49 ：aggregate  population  estimates  are  very  shaky,  which  makes  it  difficult  for  
historians to compare rates of crime per thousand in one decade of the preindustrial period with rates  
in another decade。困难在于总人口估计值有些不可信，所以  to better ，就要知道实际值，选 C；  
  
Mycorrhizal fungi infect more plants than do any    
other fungi and are necessary for many plants to thrive,    
but they have escaped widespread investigation until    
Line recently for two reasons. First, the symbiotic association    
5 is so well-balanced that the roots of host plants show no    
damage even when densely infected. Second, the fungi    
cannot as yet be cultivated in the absence of a living    
root. Despite these difficulties, there has been important    
new work that suggests that this symbiotic association    
10 can be harnessed to achieve more economical use of    
costly superphosphate fertilizer and to permit better    
exploitation of cheaper, less soluble rock phosphate.    
Mycorrhizal benefits are not limited to improved    
phosphate uptake in host plants. In legumes,    
15 Mycorrhizal inoculation has increased nitrogen fixation    
beyond levels achieved by adding phosphate fertilizer    
alone. Certain symbiotic associations also increase the    
host plant‘s resistance to harmful root fungi.    
  
  
8. Which of the following most accurately describes    
the passage?    
(A) A description of a replicable experiment    
(B) A summary report of new findings    
(C) A recommendation for abandoning a difficult    
area of research    

                                                       本文由尚友原创或整理  

----------------------- Page 7-----------------------

                                                                                             www.sharewithu.com  

(D) A refutation of an earlier hypothesis    
(E) A confirmation of earlier research    
  
For the following question, consider each of the    
choices separately and select all that apply    
9. It can be inferred from the passage that which of    
the following has NOT been a factor influencing the    
extent to which research on mycorrhizal fungi has    
progressed?    
□A Lack of a method for iden fying mycorrhizal    
fungi    
□B Diﬃcul es surrounding laboratory produc on    
of specimens for study    
□C Diﬃcul es ensuing from the high cost and    
scarcity of superphosphate fertilizers  

阅读 2；  

菌根真菌（mycorrhizal fungi ）比诸于其它任何真菌会感染到更多的植物，并且对于许多植物的 
茂盛生长显得不可或缺；然而，它们直到最近为止由于两个缘由而没能得到广泛的研究。首先，共 
生联系（symbiotic  association）是平衡得如此之好，以致于寄主植物（host plant ）的根部 
即使在遭到密集感染的情况下亦不会显示出任何受损害的迹象。其次，这种真菌迄今为止尚无法在 
缺乏有生命的植物根茎的情况下被培养出来。尽管存在这些困难，科学家已完成了重要的全新研究， 
表明这种共生联系可被利用起来，对昂贵的过磷酸钙化肥可获得更为经济的用途，并允许人们更好 
地利用较为廉价、不那么易于溶解的岩磷酸钙化肥。菌根的益处并非局限于寄主植物身上业已提高 
的磷酸肥吸收量。在豆科植物（legume ）上，菌根的移入土壤提高了固氮率，其效果要超过单靠 
增施磷酸化肥所能取得的固氮水准。某些共生联系还能增强寄生植物对有害的根部真菌的抵抗力。 
这种抵抗力是否源自通过场所竞争对有害真菌的驱逐，是否源自那种涉及抗菌素产生的新陈代谢变 
化，或是否源自植物活力的提高，这些尚不得而知。  

  

                             
Q8：文章讲什么的？ 

                                                                                                         
解析：开篇就是一个观点，然后分 1,2 点列出，很明显这是个总结报告，所以选 B； 

  

Q9：哪个不是影响因素？ 
                                  

解析：文章提到两个影响因素，一是共生关系太和谐，其实寄主植物 densely infected,  也看不出 
有什么 damage。  二是没有 living root 这个真菌就不能被培育。（我个人看法，根据我残余的高 
中生物知识，很多真菌在营养基上培育的，所以这种真菌才一直没收到重视，跟选项中提到的实验 
室条件不够完善没有关系）  
所以选  ABC；  
  
It is one of nature‘s great ironies that the availability    
of nitrogen in the soil frequently sets an upper limit on    
plant growth even though the plants‘ leaves are bathed    
in a sea of nitrogen gas. The leguminous plants—among    
5 them crop plants such as soybeans, peas, alfalfa, and    
clover—have solved the nitrogen supply problem by    
entering into a symbiotic relationship with the bacterial    
genus Rhizobium.    

                                                本文由尚友原创或整理  

----------------------- Page 8-----------------------

                                                                                                     www.sharewithu.com  

  
10. Which of the following situations is most closely    
analogous to the situation described by the author    
as one of nature‘s great ironies?    
(A) That of a farmer whose crops have failed    
because the normal midseason rains did not    
materialize and no preparations for    
irrigation had been made    
(B) That of a long-distance runner who loses a    
marathon race because of a wrong turn that    
cost him twenty seconds    
(C) That of shipwrecked sailors at sea in a    
lifeboat, with one flask of drinking water to    
share among them    
(D) That of a motorist who runs out of gas a mere    
five miles from the nearest gas station    
(E) That of travelers who want to reach their    
destination as fast and as cheaply as possible,    
but find that cost increases as travel speed    
increases    
  
Throughout human history there have been many    
stringent taboos concerning watching other people eat    
or eating in the presence of others. There have been    
attempts to explain these taboos in terms of    
5 inappropriate social relationships either between those    
who are involved and those who are not simultaneously    
involved in the satisfaction of a bodily need, or    
between those already satiated and those who appear    
to be shamelessly gorging. Undoubtedly such elements    
10 exist in the taboos, but there is an additional element    
with a much more fundamental importance. In    
prehistoric times, when food was so precious and the    
on-lookers so hungry, not to offer half of the little food    
one had was unthinkable, since every glance was a plea    
15 for life.    
(124 words)    
  
  
11. If the argument in the passage is valid, taboos    
against eating in the presence of others who are    
not also eating would be LEAST likely in a society    
that    
(A) had always had a plentiful supply of food    
(B) emphasized the need to share worldly goods    
(C) had a nomadic rather than an agricultural    

                                                       本文由尚友原创或整理  

----------------------- Page 9-----------------------

                                                                                                     www.sharewithu.com  

way of life    
(D) emphasized the value of privacy    
(E) discouraged overindulgence    
  
12. The author‘s hypothesis concerning the origin of    
taboos against watching other people eat emphasizes    
the    
(A) general palatability of food    
(B) religious significance of food    
(C) limited availability of food    
(D) various sources of food    
(E) nutritional value of food    
  
13. Select the sentence in the passage in which the author    
suggests that past attempts to explain some taboos    
concerning eating are incomplete.  

  

阅读 1：  这是大自然一个极大的讽刺，那就是土壤中可用氮的含量往往限制了植物的生长，虽然职务的叶子沐浴在丰富的 

氮气之中。  

  

Q10 ：要我们做一个类比  

解析：原文说的是虽然这种东西含量很高，但是可用的很少。  

正确选项 C：救生艇上的水手虽然被海水包围着，却只能很多人共享一瓶水。  

  

先上翻译：  

在整个人类历史上，看人吃饭或当着别人的面吃饭都是很犯忌的行为。人们一直想将这些忌讳与各种不恰当的社会关系联 

系起来加以解释，比如一方已经饥肠辘辘，而另一方还没到满足身体需要的时候；或者一方已经酒足饭饱，而另一方却似 

乎还在不顾体面的大吃大喝。无疑各种禁忌当中确实有这些因素，但存在着的另外一个因素却更具根本的重要性。在史前 

时代，当食物极其宝贵而旁边的人又是饥饿难耐时，不把仅有的那点食物分出一半来给人是无法想象的，因为每一个眼神 

都是在哀求救命。而且在那个时代，人们生活在核心家庭或大家族中，分享食物等于支持自己的家庭，广义地说，其实就 

是在保全自我。  

  

Q11 ：整篇文章都是在讲吃饱与吃不饱的问题，所以存在禁忌。那么这种禁忌要求别人不在吃饭时不可以吃饭，是最不可 

能发生在什么样的社会？有原文最后一句看出，食物贫乏时，你吃饭别人看你一眼都是在乞讨，所以肯定不是发生在食物 

很充足的时候。  

  

Q12 ：作者基于禁忌起源的假设是强调那个方面？  

关键点还是文章后半部分，作者强调的是 additional element，就是食物很 precious 的情况。所以选 C ；  

  

Q13 ：强调之前的不完整，还是因为看到了 additional，所以答案是 Undoubtedly such elements exist in the taboos, but there is  

an additional element with a much more fundamental importance.  

  

  

                                                       本文由尚友原创或整理  
