----------------------- Page 1-----------------------

                                                                                      www.sharewithu.com  

                                                       Exercise 31    

1、High Towers, a company that occupies several office    
buildings, is considering installing new energy-    
efficient lightbulbs in its buildings. The new bulbs    
require less than half the electricity consumed by the    
conventional bulbs currently used to produce the    
same amount of light. The new bulbs also last    
considerably longer. It follows that by replacing old    
bulbs as they bum out with the new kind of bulb,    
High Towers would significantly reduce its overall    
lighting costs.    
  
Which of the following, if true, most strengthens the    
argument given?    
(A) If the new bulbs are widely adopted, as seems    
likely, they will be produced in large enough    
quantities to be offered at prices comparable to    
those of conventional bulbs.    
(B) The utility that supplies High Towers with    
electricity offers discount rates to its largest    
customers.    
(C) High Towers has recently signed a contract to    
occupy an additional small office building.    
(D) High Towers has begun a campaign to encourage    
its employees to turn off lights whenever they    
leave a room.    
(E) The company that manufactures the new bulbs    
has been granted a patent on the innovative    
technology used in the bulbs and thus has    
exclusive rights to manufacture them.  

  

阅读1 ：  

  

Q1 ：新的灯泡省电，所以推出会节约成本；    

但是成本是由电能消耗和灯泡价格等因素共同决定的，A 选项补充支持了原文；  

  

The defoliation of millions of acres of trees by massive    
infestations of gypsy moth caterpillars is a recurring    
phenomenon in the northeastern United States. In studying    
these outbreaks, scientists have discovered that affected    
trees fight back by releasing toxic chemicals, mainly    
phenols, into their foliage. These noxious substances limit    
caterpillars' growth and reduce the number of eggs that    
female moths lay. Phenols also make the eggs smaller,    

                                                    本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                1  

----------------------- Page 2-----------------------

                                                                                         www.sharewithu.com  

which reduces the growth of the following year's    
caterpillars. Because the number of eggs a female moth    
produces is directly related to her size, and because her    
size is determined entirely by her feeding success as a    
caterpillar, the trees' defensive mechanism has an impact    
on moth fecundity.    
  
The gypsy moth is also subject to attack by the    
nucleopolyhedrosis virus, or wilt disease, a particularly    
important killer of the caterpillars in outbreak years.    
Caterpillars contract wilt disease when they eat a leaf to    
which the virus, encased in a protein globule, has become    
attached. Once ingested by a caterpillar, the protein    
globule dissolves, releasing thousands of viruses, or    
virions, that after about two weeks multiply enough to fill    
the entire body cavity. When the caterpillar dies, the    
virions are released to the outside, encased in a new    
protein globule synthesized from the caterpillar's tissues    
and ready to be picked up by other caterpillars.    
  
Knowing that phenols, including tannins, often act by    
associating with and altering the activity of proteins,    
researchers focused on the effects on caterpillars of    
ingesting the virus and leaves together. They found that    
on tannin-rich oak leaves, the virus is considerably less    
effective at killing caterpillars than when it is on aspen    
leaves, which are lower in phenols. In general, the more    
concentrated the phenols in tree leaves, the less deadly the    
virus. Thus, while highly concentrated phenols in tree    
leaves reduce the caterpillar population by limiting the size    
of caterpillars and, consequently, the size of the female's    
egg cluster, these same chemicals also help caterpillars    
survive by disabling the wilt virus. Forest stands of red    
oaks, with their tannin-rich foliage, may even provide    
caterpillars with safe havens from disease. In stands    
dominated by trees such as aspen, however, incipient gypsy    
moth outbreaks are quickly suppressed by viral epidemics.    
  
Further research has shown that caterpillars become    
virtually immune to the wilt virus as the trees on which    
they feed respond to increasing defoliation. The trees' own    
defenses raise the threshold of caterpillar vulnerability to    
the disease, allowing populations to grow denser without    
becoming more susceptible to infection. For these reasons,    
the benefits to the caterpillars of ingesting phenols appear    
to outweigh the costs. Given the presence of the virus, the    

                                                       本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                    2  

----------------------- Page 3-----------------------

                                                                                           www.sharewithu.com  

trees' defensive tactic apparently has backfired.    
(446 words)    
  
2. It can be inferred from the passage that wilt disease    
virions depend for their survival on    
(A) protein synthesized from the tissues of a host    
caterpillar    
(B) aspen leaves with high concentrations of phenols    
(C) tannin-rich oak leaves    
(D) nutrients that they synthesize from gypsy moth    
egg clusters    
(E) a rising threshold of caterpillar vulnerability to    
wilt disease    
  
3.Which of the following best describes the function of    
the third paragraph of the passage?    
(A) It resolves a contradiction between the ideas    
presented in the first and second paragraphs.    
(B) It introduces research data to support the theory    
outlined in the second paragraph.    
(C) It draws a conclusion from conflicting evidence    
presented in the first two paragraphs.    
(D) It shows how phenomena described in the first    
and second paragraphs act in combination.    
(E) It elaborates on the thesis introduced in the first    
paragraph after a digression in the second    
paragraph.    
  
4. Select the sentence in the passage that the author uses    
as a supporting idea to explicate how gypsy moth    
caterpillars become immune to the wilt virus.    
  
For the following question, consider each of the    
choices separately and select all that apply    
5.Which of the following statements about gypsy moth    
caterpillars is supported by information presented in    
the passage EXCEPT?    
A Differing concentrations of phenols in leaves have    
differing effects on the ability of the wilt virus to    
kill gypsy moth caterpillars.    
B Female gypsy moth caterpillars stop growing after    
they ingest leaves containing phenols.    
C The longer a gypsy moth population is exposed to    
wilt disease, the greater the likelihood that the    
gypsy moth caterpillars will become immune to    
the virus.  

                                                        本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                      3  

----------------------- Page 4-----------------------

                                      www.sharewithu.com  

                                                                                                                                                               
  

                                                                                                                                                         

  

本文由尚友原创或整理  

                     4  

----------------------- Page 5-----------------------

                                                                                         www.sharewithu.com  

                                                                                                                                                                  

Q 2:    

                                                                 

  

Q3:  

                                                                                                             
  

Q4:  通过immune  可以定位在最后一段：    

The trees' own defenses raise the threshold of caterpillar vulnerability to the    

disease, allowing populations to grow denser without becoming more susceptible    

to infection.    

  

Q5:  由  In general, the more concentrated the phenols in tree leaves, the less deadly the    

virus.  得到A.    

BC 在文章中都没有体现，所以答案BC.  

  
Although a historical lack of access to formal Spanish-    
language education initially limited the opportunities of    
some Chicanos to hone their skills as writers of Spanish,    
their bilingual culture clearly fostered an exuberant and    
compelling oral tradition. It has thus generally been by way    

                                                       本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                    5  

----------------------- Page 6-----------------------

                                                                                        www.sharewithu.com  

of the emphasis on oral literary creativity that these    
Chicano writers, whose English-language works are    
sometimes uninspired, developed the powerful and    
arresting language that characterized their Spanish-    
language works. This Spanish-English difference is not    
surprising. When writing in Spanish, these authors stayed    
close to the spoken traditions of their communities. Works    
in English, however, often required the elimination of    
nuance or colloquialism, the adoption of a formal tone, and    
the adjustment of themes or ideas to satisfy the different    
demands of national publications. (127 words)    
  
6.According to the author, the Chicano oral experience    
contributed directly to which of the following    
characteristics in the work of some Chicano writers?    
(A) A sensitivity to and adeptness in using the    
spoken language    
(B) A tendency to appear in national rather than    
regional publications    
(C) A style reflecting the influence of Spanish    
language education    
(D) A reliance on a rather formal style    
(E) A capacity to appeal to a broad range of audiences    
  
7. Which of the following best characterizes the function    
of the indicated portion (the last two sentences) of the    
passage ?    
(A) They expand on an advantage mentioned in the    
first sentence of the passage.    
(B) They outline the consequences of a limitation    
discussed in the first sentence of the passage.    
(C) They provide explicit examples drawn from    
the oral and the written works mentioned in the    
second sentence of the passage.    
(D) They explain the causes of a phenomenon    
mentioned in the third sentence of the passage.    
(E) They limit the applicability of a generalization    
made in the third sentence of the passage.    

  

阅读2 ：  

参考译文：  

                                                      本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                  6  

----------------------- Page 7-----------------------

                                                                                         www.sharewithu.com  

                                                                                                                                                    

                                                                                                                                                   

Q6 ：  

                                                                                                                                                             

Q7 ：  

                                                                                                                                   

  

In medical tomography x-rays map the human body's    
density variations (and hence internal organs); the    
information from the x-rays, transmitted through the body    
along many different paths, is recombined to form three-    
dimensional images of the body's interior. It is primarily    
this multiplicative increase in data obtained from the    
multipath transmission of signals that accounts for    

                                                      本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                   7  

----------------------- Page 8-----------------------

                                                                                        www.sharewithu.com  

oceanographers' attraction to tomography.    
Researchers reasoned that low-frequency sound waves,    
because they are so well described mathematically and    
because even small perturbations in emitted sound waves    
can be detected, could be transmitted through the ocean    
over many different paths and that the properties of the    
ocean's interior could be deduced on the basis of how the    
ocean altered the signals. Their initial trials were highly    
successful, and ocean acoustic tomography was born.    
(128 words)    
  
  
8.Which of the following, if presented as the first    
sentence of a succeeding paragraph, would most    
logically continue the discussion presented in the    
passage?    
(A) Timekeeping in medical tomography must be    
precise because the changes in travel time caused    
by density fluctuations are slight.    
(B) To understand how ocean acoustic tomography    
works, it is necessary to know how sound    
travels in the ocean.    
(C) Ships are another possibility. but they would    
need to stop every 50 kilometers to lower    
measuring instruments.    
(D) These variations amount to only about 2 to 3    
percent of the average speed of sound in water,    
which is about 1,500 meters per second.    
(E) The device used in medical tomography emits a    
specially coded signal, easily distinguishable    
from background noise    
  
Ironically, now that photography is securely    
established as a fine art, many photographers find it    
pretentious or irrelevant to label it as such. Serious    
photographers variously claim to be finding,  recording,    
impartially observing, witnessing events, exploring    
themselves—anything but making works of art. In the    
nineteenth century, photography's association with the    
real world placed it in an ambivalent relation to art; late in    
the twentieth century, an ambivalent relation exists    
because of the Modernist heritage in art. That important    
photographers are no longer willing to debate whether    
photography is or is not a fine art, except to proclaim that    
their own work is not involved with art, shows the extent    

                                                      本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                  8  

----------------------- Page 9-----------------------

                                                                                           www.sharewithu.com  

to which they simply take for granted the concept of art    
imposed by the triumph of Modernism: the better the art,    
the more subversive it is of the traditional aims of art.    
(142 words)    
  
  
9.Which of the following adjectives best describes    
―the concept of art imposed by the triumph of    
Modernism‖ as the author represents it in the last sentence?    
(A) Objective    
(B) Mechanical    
(C) Superficial    
(D) Dramatic    
(E) Paradoxical    
  
10. In the context in which it appears, "ambivalent " most    
nearly  means    
  
○A subversive    
○B unambiguous    
○C equivocal    
○D disreputable    
○E contradictory    

阅读1 ：参考翻译：  

在医学上的层面透视法中，X 光绘制人体密度变  

                                                                                                                                                                

阅读2 ：参考翻译：  

                                                                                                                                                                 

Q10 ：  

ambivalent 模糊的，正确答案C ，equivocal。  

                                                        本文由尚友原创或整理  

                                                                      9  
